






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































              THE END
              and
            Said
            With
            cause,
            whole
           (WITH ALICE'S LOVE).
           I'll take no
           condemn
           death."'
           denial; We
           you
          "I'll
          must have a
          no jury
          old Fury:
          to
          try the
         'Fury said to a
         CHORUS.
         CHORUS.
         NEAR THE FENDER,
         Twinkle, twinkle--"'
         YOU.--Come,
         be jury,"
         cunning
         dear Sir,
         mouse, That he
        a trial,
        http://www.gutenberg.org/1/11/
        judge, I'll
        met in the
        or judge,
        prosecute
        trial: For
       "I'll be
       'Wow! wow! wow!'
       'Wow! wow! wow!'
       HEARTHRUG,
       [later editions continued as follows
       cur, "Such
       house,
       law: I will
       would be
      All on a summer day:
      And took them quite away!'
      How neatly spread his claws,
      Improve his shining tail,
      On every golden scale!
      With gently smiling jaws!'
      both go to
      breath."
      mouse to the
      our
      really this
      wasting
     "Let us
     "Twinkle, twinkle, little bat!
     "Up above the world you fly,
     'How cheerfully he seems to grin,
     'How doth the little crocodile
     ALICE'S RIGHT FOOT, ESQ.
     And pour the waters of the Nile
     And welcome little fishes in
     Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
     Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
     Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
     Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
     Beautiful, beauti--FUL SOUP!'
     Beautiful, beautiful Soup!
     Beautiful, beautiful Soup!'
     Chief Executive and Director
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     How I wonder what you're at!"
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     Like a tea-tray in the sky.
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.
     Said the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     gbnewby@pglaf.org
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     http://www.gutenberg.org
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     morning I've
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     of receipt of the work.
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
    'And your hair has become very white;
    'I feared it might injure the brain;
    'I kept all my limbs very supple
    (Before she had this fit)
    (We know it to be true):
    *    *    *    *    *    *
    *    *    *    *    *    *
    *    *    *    *    *    *
    Allow me to sell you a couple?'
    And argued each case with my wife;
    And beat him when he sneezes:
    And have grown most uncommonly fat;
    And mentioned me to him:
    Be off, or I'll kick you down stairs!'
    Because he knows it teases.'
    Between yourself and me.'
    But said I could not swim.
    Do you think, at your age, it is right?'
    Exactly as we were.
    For anything tougher than suet;
    For this must ever be
    Has lasted the rest of my life.'
    Him, and ourselves, and it.
    I beat him when he sneezes;
    Involved in this affair,
    Pray how did you manage to do it?'
    Pray, what is the reason of that?'
    Said his father; 'don't give yourself airs!
    That your eye was as steady as ever;
    The Knave of Hearts, he stole those tarts,
    The pepper when he pleases!'
    Though they were mine before.
    What made you so awfully clever?'
    What would become of you?
    Why, I do it again and again.'
    You gave us three or more;
    [later editions continued as follows
    nothing
    to do."
   'Beautiful Soup! Who cares for fish,
   'Beautiful Soup, so rich and green,
   'I have answered three questions, and that is enough,'
   'I speak severely to my boy,
   'In my youth,' Father William replied to his son,
   'In my youth,' said his father, 'I took to the law,
   'In my youth,' said the sage, as he shook his grey locks,
   'Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,
   'Speak roughly to your little boy,
   'The Queen of Hearts, she made some tarts,
   'They told me you had been to her,
   'You are old, Father William,' the young man said,
   'You are old,' said the youth, 'and your jaws are too weak
   'You are old,' said the youth, 'as I mentioned before,
   'You are old,' said the youth, 'one would hardly suppose
   A secret, kept from all the rest,
   An obstacle that came between
   And the muscular strength, which it gave to my jaw,
   And yet you incessantly stand on your head--
   But, now that I'm perfectly sure I have none,
   By the use of this ointment--one shilling the box--
   Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
   Don't let him know she liked them best,
   For he can thoroughly enjoy
   Game, or any other dish?
   He only does it to annoy,
   He sent them word I had not gone
   He trusts to you to set them free,
   I gave her one, they gave him two,
   If I or she should chance to be
   If she should push the matter on,
   My notion was that you had been
   Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
   Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
   She gave me a good character,
   Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,
   Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,
   Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
   Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
   They all returned from him to you,
   Waiting in a hot tureen!
   Who for such dainties would not stoop?
   Who would not give all else for two
   Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose--
   Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak--
   Yet you turned a back-somersault in at the door--
  "You have baked me too brown, I must sugar my hair."
  ''Tis the voice of the Lobster; I heard him declare,
  'I passed by his garden, and marked, with one eye,
  *    *    *    *    *    *    *
  *    *    *    *    *    *    *
  *    *    *    *    *    *    *
  *    *    *    *    *    *    *
  *    *    *    *    *    *    *
  *    *    *    *    *    *    *
  And concluded the banquet--]
  And will talk in contemptuous tones of the Shark,
  As a duck with its eyelids, so he with his nose
  But, when the tide rises and sharks are around,
  His voice has a timid and tremulous sound.]
  How the Owl and the Panther were sharing a pie--'
  The Panther took pie-crust, and gravy, and meat,
  Trims his belt and his buttons, and turns out his toes.'
  Was kindly permitted to pocket the spoon:
  When the pie was all finished, the Owl, as a boon,
  When the sands are all dry, he is gay as a lark,
  While the Owl had the dish as its share of the treat.
  While the Panther received knife and fork with a growl,
 "There is another shore, you know, upon the other side.
 "There's a porpoise close behind us, and he's treading on my tail.
 "You can really have no notion how delightful it will be
 '"What matters it how far we go?" his scaly friend replied.
 '"Will you walk a little faster?" said a whiting to a snail.
 (In which the cook and the baby joined):--
 But the snail replied "Too far, too far!" and gave a look askance--
 Said he thanked the whiting kindly, but he would not join the dance.
 See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance!
 The Cat's head began fading away the moment he was gone, and,
 The further off from England the nearer is to France--
 Then turn not pale, beloved snail, but come and join the dance.
 They are waiting on the shingle--will you come and join the dance?
 When they take us up and throw us, with the lobsters, out to sea!"
 Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, will you join the dance?
 Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, will you join the dance?
 Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, won't you join the dance?
 Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, won't you join the dance?"'
 Would not, could not, would not, could not, could not join the dance.
 Would not, could not, would not, could not, would not join the dance.
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
"French, music, AND WASHING--extra."'
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
"What for?"'
"it" means.'
''Tis so,' said the Duchess: 'and the moral of that is--"Oh, 'tis love,
'--and I hadn't begun my tea--not above a week or so--and what with the
'--and just take his head off outside,' the Queen added to one of the
'--as far out to sea as you can--'
'--change lobsters, and retire in same order,' continued the Gryphon.
'--likely to win, that it's hardly worth while finishing the game.'
'--or next day, maybe,' the Footman continued in the same tone, exactly
'--so long as I get SOMEWHERE,' Alice added as an explanation.
'--yes, that's about the right distance--but then I wonder what Latitude
'--you advance twice--'
'A barrowful of WHAT?' thought Alice; but she had not long to doubt,
'A cat may look at a king,' said Alice. 'I've read that in some book,
'A cheap sort of present!' thought Alice. 'I'm glad they don't give
'A fine day, your Majesty!' the Duchess began in a low, weak voice.
'A knot!' said Alice, always ready to make herself useful, and looking
'A likely story indeed!' said the Pigeon in a tone of the deepest
'ARE you to get in at all?' said the Footman. 'That's the first
'After that,' continued the Hatter, 'I cut some more bread-and-butter--'
'Ah! that accounts for it,' said the Hatter. 'He won't stand beating.
'Ah! then yours wasn't a really good school,' said the Mock Turtle in
'Ah, well! It means much the same thing,' said the Duchess, digging her
'Ahem!' said the Mouse with an important air, 'are you all ready? This
'All right, so far,' said the King, and he went on muttering over
'All right,' said the Cat; and this time it vanished quite slowly,
'An arm, you goose! Who ever saw one that size? Why, it fills the whole
'And be quick about it,' added the Hatter, 'or you'll be asleep again
'And ever since that,' the Hatter went on in a mournful tone, 'he won't
'And how did you manage on the twelfth?' Alice went on eagerly.
'And how many hours a day did you do lessons?' said Alice, in a hurry to
'And just as I'd taken the highest tree in the wood,' continued the
'And now which is which?' she said to herself, and nibbled a little of
'And that's the jury-box,' thought Alice, 'and those twelve creatures,'
'And washing?' said the Mock Turtle.
'And what are they made of?' Alice asked in a tone of great curiosity.
'And who are THESE?' said the Queen, pointing to the three gardeners who
'And who is Dinah, if I might venture to ask the question?' said the
'And yet what a dear little puppy it was!' said Alice, as she leant
'Anything you like,' said the Footman, and began whistling.
'Are their heads off?' shouted the Queen.
'Are they in the prisoner's handwriting?' asked another of the jurymen.
'Are you content now?' said the Caterpillar.
'As if it wasn't trouble enough hatching the eggs,' said the Pigeon;
'As wet as ever,' said Alice in a melancholy tone: 'it doesn't seem to
'At any rate I'll never go THERE again!' said Alice as she picked her
'Back to land again, and that's all the first figure,' said the Mock
'Begin at the beginning,' the King said gravely, 'and go on till you
'Boots and shoes under the sea,' the Gryphon went on in a deep voice,
'But I don't want to go among mad people,' Alice remarked.
'But I'm NOT a serpent, I tell you!' said Alice. 'I'm a--I'm a--'
'But I'm not used to it!' pleaded poor Alice in a piteous tone. And
'But about his toes?' the Mock Turtle persisted. 'How COULD he turn them
'But it's no use now,' thought poor Alice, 'to pretend to be two people!
'But she must have a prize herself, you know,' said the Mouse.
'But then,' thought Alice, 'shall I NEVER get any older than I am
'But they were IN the well,' Alice said to the Dormouse, not choosing to
'But what am I to do?' said Alice.
'But what did the Dormouse say?' one of the jury asked.
'But what happens when you come to the beginning again?' Alice ventured
'But who is to give the prizes?' quite a chorus of voices asked.
'But, it goes on "THEY ALL RETURNED FROM HIM TO YOU,"' said Alice.
'By-the-bye, what became of the baby?' said the Cat. 'I'd nearly
'Call it what you like,' said the Cat. 'Do you play croquet with the
'Call the first witness,' said the King; and the White Rabbit blew three
'Call the next witness!' said the King.
'Can't remember WHAT things?' said the Caterpillar.
'Certainly not!' said Alice indignantly.
'Change lobsters again!' yelled the Gryphon at the top of its voice.
'Cheshire Puss,' she began, rather timidly, as she did not at all know
'Chorus again!' cried the Gryphon, and the Mock Turtle had just begun
'Collar that Dormouse,' the Queen shrieked out. 'Behead that Dormouse!
'Come back!' the Caterpillar called after her. 'I've something important
'Come on!' cried the Gryphon, and, taking Alice by the hand, it hurried
'Come on, then!' roared the Queen, and Alice joined the procession,
'Come on, then,' said the Queen, 'and he shall tell you his history,'
'Come, it's pleased so far,' thought Alice, and she went on. 'Would you
'Come, let's try the first figure!' said the Mock Turtle to the Gryphon.
'Come, my head's free at last!' said Alice in a tone of delight, which
'Come, that finished the guinea-pigs!' thought Alice. 'Now we shall get
'Come, there's no use in crying like that!' said Alice to herself,
'Come, we shall have some fun now!' thought Alice. 'I'm glad they've
'Consider your verdict,' the King said to the jury.
'Curiouser and curiouser!' cried Alice (she was so much surprised, that
'Did you say "What a pity!"?' the Rabbit asked.
'Did you say pig, or fig?' said the Cat.
'Digging for apples, indeed!' said the Rabbit angrily. 'Here! Come and
'Dinah's our cat. And she's such a capital one for catching mice you
'Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it?' said the
'Don't be impertinent,' said the King, 'and don't look at me like that!'
'Don't grunt,' said Alice; 'that's not at all a proper way of expressing
'Don't talk nonsense,' said Alice more boldly: 'you know you're growing
'Don't you mean "purpose"?' said Alice.
'EAT ME' were beautifully marked in currants. 'Well, I'll eat it,' said
'EVERYBODY has won, and all must have prizes.'
'Each with a lobster as a partner!' cried the Gryphon.
'Everybody says "come on!" here,' thought Alice, as she went slowly
'Exactly so,' said Alice.
'Exactly so,' said the Hatter: 'as the things get used up.'
'Explain all that,' said the Mock Turtle.
'Fifteenth,' said the March Hare.
'Found IT,' the Mouse replied rather crossly: 'of course you know what
'Found WHAT?' said the Duck.
'Get to your places!' shouted the Queen in a voice of thunder, and
'Get up!' said the Queen, in a shrill, loud voice, and the three
'Give your evidence,' said the King.
'Give your evidence,' said the King; 'and don't be nervous, or I'll have
'Give your evidence,' the King repeated angrily, 'or I'll have you
'Go on with the next verse,' the Gryphon repeated impatiently: 'it
'HE might bite,' Alice cautiously replied, not feeling at all anxious to
'Hadn't time,' said the Gryphon: 'I went to the Classics master, though.
'Hand it over here,' said the Dodo.
'Have some wine,' the March Hare said in an encouraging tone.
'Have you guessed the riddle yet?' the Hatter said, turning to Alice
'He denies it,' said the King: 'leave out that part.'
'He must have imitated somebody else's hand,' said the King. (The jury
'He took me for his housemaid,' she said to herself as she ran. 'How
'Herald, read the accusation!' said the King.
'Here! you may nurse it a bit, if you like!' the Duchess said to Alice,
'Here!' cried Alice, quite forgetting in the flurry of the moment how
'Hm! No accounting for tastes! Sing her "Turtle Soup," will you, old
'Hold your tongue!' added the Gryphon, before Alice could speak again.
'Hold your tongue!' said the Queen, turning purple.
'How am I to get in?' asked Alice again, in a louder tone.
'How are you getting on?' said the Cat, as soon as there was mouth
'How do you know I'm mad?' said Alice.
'How do you like the Queen?' said the Cat in a low voice.
'How dreadfully savage!' exclaimed Alice.
'How fond she is of finding morals in things!' Alice thought to herself.
'How queer it seems,' Alice said to herself, 'to be going messages for
'How should I know?' said Alice, surprised at her own courage. 'It's no
'How the creatures order one about, and make one repeat lessons!'
'Hush! Hush!' said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone. He looked
'I DON'T know,' said the Caterpillar.
'I HAVE tasted eggs, certainly,' said Alice, who was a very truthful
'I beg your pardon!' said the Mouse, frowning, but very politely: 'Did
'I beg your pardon,' said Alice very humbly: 'you had got to the fifth
'I believe so,' Alice replied thoughtfully. 'They have their tails in
'I call it purring, not growling,' said Alice.
'I can tell you more than that, if you like,' said the Gryphon. 'Do you
'I can't explain MYSELF, I'm afraid, sir' said Alice, 'because I'm not
'I can't go no lower,' said the Hatter: 'I'm on the floor, as it is.'
'I can't help it,' said Alice very meekly: 'I'm growing.'
'I could tell you my adventures--beginning from this morning,' said
'I couldn't afford to learn it.' said the Mock Turtle with a sigh. 'I
'I couldn't help it,' said Five, in a sulky tone; 'Seven jogged my
'I dare say you never even spoke to Time!'
'I dare say you're wondering why I don't put my arm round your waist,'
'I deny it!' said the March Hare.
'I didn't know it was YOUR table,' said Alice; 'it's laid for a great
'I didn't know that Cheshire cats always grinned; in fact, I didn't know
'I didn't mean it!' pleaded poor Alice. 'But you're so easily offended,
'I didn't!' the March Hare interrupted in a great hurry.
'I do,' Alice hastily replied; 'at least--at least I mean what I
'I don't believe it,' said the Pigeon; 'but if they do, why then they're
'I don't know of any that do,' Alice said very politely, feeling quite
'I don't know what you mean,' said Alice.
'I don't know where Dinn may be,' said the Mock Turtle, 'but if you've
'I don't like the look of it at all,' said the King: 'however, it may
'I don't much care where--' said Alice.
'I don't see any wine,' she remarked.
'I don't see,' said the Caterpillar.
'I don't think they play at all fairly,' Alice began, in rather a
'I had NOT!' cried the Mouse, sharply and very angrily.
'I haven't opened it yet,' said the White Rabbit, 'but it seems to be a
'I haven't the least idea what you're talking about,' said Alice.
'I haven't the slightest idea,' said the Hatter.
'I keep them to sell,' the Hatter added as an explanation; 'I've none of
'I know what "it" means well enough, when I find a thing,' said the
'I mean what I say,' the Mock Turtle replied in an offended tone. And
'I never heard of "Uglification,"' Alice ventured to say. 'What is it?'
'I never said I didn't!' interrupted Alice.
'I never saw one, or heard of one,' said Alice.
'I never thought about it,' said Alice. 'Why?'
'I never went to him,' the Mock Turtle said with a sigh: 'he taught
'I quite agree with you,' said the Duchess; 'and the moral of that
'I said pig,' replied Alice; 'and I wish you wouldn't keep appearing and
'I see!' said the Queen, who had meanwhile been examining the roses.
'I shall do nothing of the sort,' said the Mouse, getting up and walking
'I shall sit here,' the Footman remarked, 'till tomorrow--'
'I should like it very much,' said Alice, 'but I haven't been invited
'I should like to have it explained,' said the Mock Turtle.
'I suppose so,' said Alice.
'I think I should understand that better,' Alice said very politely, 'if
'I thought it would,' said the Cat, and vanished again.
'I thought you did,' said the Mouse. '--I proceed. "Edwin and Morcar,
'I want a clean cup,' interrupted the Hatter: 'let's all move one place
'I wish I had our Dinah here, I know I do!' said Alice aloud, addressing
'I wish I hadn't cried so much!' said Alice, as she swam about, trying
'I wish I hadn't mentioned Dinah!' she said to herself in a melancholy
'I wish you wouldn't squeeze so.' said the Dormouse, who was sitting
'I won't indeed!' said Alice, in a great hurry to change the subject of
'I won't!' said Alice.
'I'M not a mile high,' said Alice.
'I'VE been to a day-school, too,' said Alice; 'you needn't be so proud
'I'd rather finish my tea,' said the Hatter, with an anxious look at the
'I'd rather not,' the Cat remarked.
'I'll fetch the executioner myself,' said the King eagerly, and he
'I'll tell it her,' said the Mock Turtle in a deep, hollow tone: 'sit
'I'm NOT a serpent!' said Alice indignantly. 'Let me alone!'
'I'm a poor man, your Majesty,' the Hatter began, in a trembling voice,
'I'm a poor man,' the Hatter went on, 'and most things twinkled after
'I'm afraid I am, sir,' said Alice; 'I can't remember things as I
'I'm afraid I can't put it more clearly,' Alice replied very politely,
'I'm afraid I don't know one,' said Alice, rather alarmed at the
'I'm getting tired of this. I vote the young lady tells us a story.'
'I'm glad I've seen that done,' thought Alice. 'I've so often read
'I'm sure I'm not Ada,' she said, 'for her hair goes in such long
'I'm sure those are not the right words,' said poor Alice, and her eyes
'I'm very sorry you've been annoyed,' said Alice, who was beginning to
'I've a right to think,' said Alice sharply, for she was beginning to
'I've had nothing yet,' Alice replied in an offended tone, 'so I can't
'I've heard something like it,' said Alice.
'I've tried the roots of trees, and I've tried banks, and I've tried
'I--I'm a little girl,' said Alice, rather doubtfully, as she remembered
'IT DOES THE BOOTS AND SHOES.' the Gryphon replied very solemnly.
'Idiot!' said the Queen, tossing her head impatiently; and, turning to
'If I'd been the whiting,' said Alice, whose thoughts were still running
'If any one of them can explain it,' said Alice, (she had grown so large
'If everybody minded their own business,' the Duchess said in a hoarse
'If that's all you know about it, you may stand down,' continued the
'If there's no meaning in it,' said the King, 'that saves a world of
'If you didn't sign it,' said the King, 'that only makes the matter
'If you knew Time as well as I do,' said the Hatter, 'you wouldn't talk
'In THAT direction,' the Cat said, waving its right paw round, 'lives
'In that case,' said the Dodo solemnly, rising to its feet, 'I move
'Is that all?' said Alice, swallowing down her anger as well as she
'Is that the way YOU manage?' Alice asked.
'It IS a long tail, certainly,' said Alice, looking down with wonder at
'It IS the same thing with you,' said the Hatter, and here the
'It all came different!' the Mock Turtle repeated thoughtfully. 'I
'It began with the tea,' the Hatter replied.
'It goes on, you know,' the Hatter continued, 'in this way:--
'It is a very good height indeed!' said the Caterpillar angrily, rearing
'It is wrong from beginning to end,' said the Caterpillar decidedly, and
'It isn't directed at all,' said the White Rabbit; 'in fact, there's
'It isn't mine,' said the Hatter.
'It isn't,' said the Caterpillar.
'It matters a good deal to ME,' said Alice hastily; 'but I'm not looking
'It must be a very pretty dance,' said Alice timidly.
'It must have been that,' said the King, 'unless it was written to
'It proves nothing of the sort!' said Alice. 'Why, you don't even know
'It turned into a pig,' Alice quietly said, just as if it had come back
'It was much pleasanter at home,' thought poor Alice, 'when one wasn't
'It was the BEST butter,' the March Hare meekly replied.
'It wasn't very civil of you to sit down without being invited,' said
'It's a Cheshire cat,' said the Duchess, 'and that's why. Pig!'
'It's a friend of mine--a Cheshire Cat,' said Alice: 'allow me to
'It's a mineral, I THINK,' said Alice.
'It's a pun!' the King added in an offended tone, and everybody laughed,
'It's all about as curious as it can be,' said the Gryphon.
'It's the Cheshire Cat: now I shall have somebody to talk to.'
'It's the first position in dancing.' Alice said; but was dreadfully
'It's the oldest rule in the book,' said the King.
'It's the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from,' said the Queen.
'It's--it's a very fine day!' said a timid voice at her side. She was
'Just about as much right,' said the Duchess, 'as pigs have to fly; and
'Keep your temper,' said the Caterpillar.
'Leave off that!' screamed the Queen. 'You make me giddy.' And then,
'Let the jury consider their verdict,' the King said, for about the
'Let's go on with the game,' the Queen said to Alice; and Alice was
'Mary Ann! Mary Ann!' said the voice. 'Fetch me my gloves this moment!'
'May it please your Majesty,' said Two, in a very humble tone, going
'Mine is a long and a sad tale!' said the Mouse, turning to Alice, and
'My name is Alice, so please your Majesty,' said Alice very politely;
'Nearly two miles high,' added the Queen.
'Never mind!' said the King, with an air of great relief. 'Call the next
'Never!' said the Queen furiously, throwing an inkstand at the Lizard
'No, I didn't,' said Alice: 'I don't think it's at all a pity. I said
'No, I give it up,' Alice replied: 'what's the answer?'
'No, indeed,' said Alice. 'What sort of a dance is it?'
'No, no! The adventures first,' said the Gryphon in an impatient tone:
'No, no!' said the Queen. 'Sentence first--verdict afterwards.'
'No, please go on!' Alice said very humbly; 'I won't interrupt again. I
'No, they're not,' said the White Rabbit, 'and that's the queerest thing
'No,' said Alice. 'I don't even know what a Mock Turtle is.'
'No,' said the Caterpillar.
'Nobody asked YOUR opinion,' said Alice.
'Nonsense!' said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the Queen was
'Nor I,' said the March Hare.
'Not I!' said the Lory hastily.
'Not QUITE right, I'm afraid,' said Alice, timidly; 'some of the words
'Not a bit,' said the Caterpillar.
'Not at all,' said Alice: 'she's so extremely--' Just then she noticed
'Not at first, perhaps,' said the Hatter: 'but you could keep it to
'Not like cats!' cried the Mouse, in a shrill, passionate voice. 'Would
'Not the same thing a bit!' said the Hatter. 'You might just as well say
'Not yet, not yet!' the Rabbit hastily interrupted. 'There's a great
'Nothing WHATEVER?' persisted the King.
'Nothing whatever,' said Alice.
'Nothing,' said Alice.
'Now tell me, Pat, what's that in the window?'
'Now, I give you fair warning,' shouted the Queen, stamping on the
'Of course it is,' said the Duchess, who seemed ready to agree to
'Of course it was,' said the Mock Turtle.
'Of course not,' Alice replied very readily: 'but that's because it
'Of course not,' said the Mock Turtle: 'why, if a fish came to ME, and
'Of course they were', said the Dormouse; '--well in.'
'Of course twinkling begins with a T!' said the King sharply. 'Do you
'Of course you don't!' the Hatter said, tossing his head contemptuously.
'Of course,' the Dodo replied very gravely. 'What else have you got in
'Of course,' the Mock Turtle said: 'advance twice, set to partners--'
'Of the mushroom,' said the Caterpillar, just as if she had asked it
'Off with her head!' the Queen shouted at the top of her voice. Nobody
'Off with his head!' she said, without even looking round.
'Off with their heads!' and the procession moved on, three of the
'Oh! So Bill's got to come down the chimney, has he?' said Alice to
'Oh, I BEG your pardon!' she exclaimed in a tone of great dismay, and
'Oh, I beg your pardon!' cried Alice hastily, afraid that she had hurt
'Oh, I know!' exclaimed Alice, who had not attended to this last remark,
'Oh, I'm not particular as to size,' Alice hastily replied; 'only one
'Oh, I've had such a curious dream!' said Alice, and she told her
'Oh, PLEASE mind what you're doing!' cried Alice, jumping up and down in
'Oh, YOU sing,' said the Gryphon. 'I've forgotten the words.'
'Oh, a song, please, if the Mock Turtle would be so kind,' Alice
'Oh, as to the whiting,' said the Mock Turtle, 'they--you've seen them,
'Oh, don't bother ME,' said the Duchess; 'I never could abide figures!'
'Oh, don't talk about trouble!' said the Duchess. 'I make you a present
'Oh, there's no use in talking to him,' said Alice desperately: 'he's
'Oh, you can't help that,' said the Cat: 'we're all mad here. I'm mad.
'Oh, you foolish Alice!' she answered herself. 'How can you learn
'Oh, you're sure to do that,' said the Cat, 'if you only walk long
'Once upon a time there were three little sisters,' the Dormouse began
'Once,' said the Mock Turtle at last, with a deep sigh, 'I was a real
'One side of WHAT? The other side of WHAT?' thought Alice to herself.
'One side will make you grow taller, and the other side will make you
'One, indeed!' said the Dormouse indignantly. However, he consented to
'Only a thimble,' said Alice sadly.
'Only mustard isn't a bird,' Alice remarked.
'Pepper, mostly,' said the cook.
'Perhaps it doesn't understand English,' thought Alice; 'I daresay it's
'Perhaps it hasn't one,' Alice ventured to remark.
'Perhaps not,' Alice cautiously replied: 'but I know I have to beat time
'Please come back and finish your story!' Alice called after it; and the
'Please would you tell me,' said Alice, a little timidly, for she was
'Please your Majesty,' said the Knave, 'I didn't write it, and they
'Please, then,' said Alice, 'how am I to get in?'
'Pray don't trouble yourself to say it any longer than that,' said
'Read them,' said the King.
'Really, now you ask me,' said Alice, very much confused, 'I don't
'Reeling and Writhing, of course, to begin with,' the Mock Turtle
'Repeat, "YOU ARE OLD, FATHER WILLIAM,"' said the Caterpillar.
'Right, as usual,' said the Duchess: 'what a clear way you have of
'Serpent!' screamed the Pigeon.
'Serpent, I say again!' repeated the Pigeon, but in a more subdued tone,
'Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?' the Gryphon went
'Shan't,' said the cook.
'She boxed the Queen's ears--' the Rabbit began. Alice gave a little
'She can't explain it,' said the Gryphon hastily. 'Go on with the next
'She's in prison,' the Queen said to the executioner: 'fetch her here.'
'Sixteenth,' added the Dormouse.
'So he did, so he did,' said the Gryphon, sighing in his turn; and both
'So they were,' said the Dormouse; 'VERY ill.'
'So you did, old fellow!' said the others.
'Soles and eels, of course,' the Gryphon replied rather impatiently:
'Somebody said,' Alice whispered, 'that it's done by everybody minding
'Speak English!' said the Eaglet. 'I don't know the meaning of half
'Stand up and repeat "'TIS THE VOICE OF THE SLUGGARD,"' said the
'Stolen!' the King exclaimed, turning to the jury, who instantly made a
'Stuff and nonsense!' said Alice loudly. 'The idea of having the
'Stupid things!' Alice began in a loud, indignant voice, but she stopped
'Suppose we change the subject,' the March Hare interrupted, yawning.
'Sure, it does, yer honour: but it's an arm for all that.'
'Sure, it's an arm, yer honour!' (He pronounced it 'arrum.')
'Swim after them!' screamed the Gryphon.
'THAT generally takes some time,' interrupted the Gryphon.
'THAT you won't' thought Alice, and, after waiting till she fancied
'Take off your hat,' the King said to the Hatter.
'Take some more tea,' the March Hare said to Alice, very earnestly.
'Talking of axes,' said the Duchess, 'chop off her head!'
'Tell us a story!' said the March Hare.
'Ten hours the first day,' said the Mock Turtle: 'nine the next, and so
'Thank you, it's a very interesting dance to watch,' said Alice, feeling
'Thank you,' said Alice, 'it's very interesting. I never knew so much
'That I can't remember,' said the Hatter.
'That PROVES his guilt,' said the Queen.
'That WAS a narrow escape!' said Alice, a good deal frightened at the
'That depends a good deal on where you want to get to,' said the Cat.
'That is not said right,' said the Caterpillar.
'That would be grand, certainly,' said Alice thoughtfully: 'but then--I
'That's different from what I used to say when I was a child,' said the
'That's enough about lessons,' the Gryphon interrupted in a very decided
'That's none of YOUR business, Two!' said Seven.
'That's nothing to what I could say if I chose,' the Duchess replied, in
'That's right!' shouted the Queen. 'Can you play croquet?'
'That's the most important piece of evidence we've heard yet,' said the
'That's the reason they're called lessons,' the Gryphon remarked:
'That's very important,' the King said, turning to the jury. They were
'The Dormouse is asleep again,' said the Hatter, and he poured a little
'The first thing I've got to do,' said Alice to herself, as she wandered
'The game's going on rather better now,' she said, by way of keeping up
'The lobsters!' shouted the Gryphon, with a bound into the air.
'The reason is,' said the Gryphon, 'that they WOULD go with the lobsters
'The trial cannot proceed,' said the King in a very grave voice, 'until
'The twinkling of the what?' said the King.
'Their heads are gone, if it please your Majesty!' the soldiers shouted
'Then it doesn't matter which way you go,' said the Cat.
'Then it ought to be Number One,' said Alice.
'Then it wasn't very civil of you to offer it,' said Alice angrily.
'Then the Dormouse shall!' they both cried. 'Wake up, Dormouse!' And
'Then the words don't FIT you,' said the King, looking round the court
'Then you keep moving round, I suppose?' said Alice.
'Then you may SIT down,' the King replied.
'Then you should say what you mean,' the March Hare went on.
'Then you shouldn't talk,' said the Hatter.
'Then, you know,' the Mock Turtle went on, 'you throw the--'
'There isn't any,' said the March Hare.
'There might be some sense in your knocking,' the Footman went on
'There's certainly too much pepper in that soup!' Alice said to herself,
'There's more evidence to come yet, please your Majesty,' said the White
'There's no sort of use in knocking,' said the Footman, 'and that for
'There's no such thing!' Alice was beginning very angrily, but the
'They all can,' said the Duchess; 'and most of 'em do.'
'They couldn't have done that, you know,' Alice gently remarked; 'they'd
'They lived on treacle,' said the Dormouse, after thinking a minute or
'They were learning to draw,' the Dormouse went on, yawning and rubbing
'They were obliged to have him with them,' the Mock Turtle said: 'no
'They're putting down their names,' the Gryphon whispered in reply, 'for
'Thinking again?' the Duchess asked, with another dig of her sharp
'This here young lady,' said the Gryphon, 'she wants for to know your
'To begin with,' said the Cat, 'a dog's not mad. You grant that?'
'Treacle,' said a sleepy voice behind her.
'Treacle,' said the Dormouse, without considering at all this time.
'Turn a somersault in the sea!' cried the Mock Turtle, capering wildly
'Tut, tut, child!' said the Duchess. 'Everything's got a moral, if only
'Two days wrong!' sighed the Hatter. 'I told you butter wouldn't suit
'Two lines!' cried the Mock Turtle. 'Seals, turtles, salmon, and so on;
'UNimportant, of course, I meant,' the King hastily said, and went on
'Ugh!' said the Lory, with a shiver.
'Very much indeed,' said Alice.
'Very true,' said the Duchess: 'flamingoes and mustard both bite. And
'Very,' said Alice: '--where's the Duchess?'
'Wake up, Alice dear!' said her sister; 'Why, what a long sleep you've
'We called him Tortoise because he taught us,' said the Mock Turtle
'We can do without lobsters, you know. Which shall sing?'
'We had the best of educations--in fact, we went to school every day--'
'We indeed!' cried the Mouse, who was trembling down to the end of his
'We must burn the house down!' said the Rabbit's voice; and Alice called
'Well! I've often seen a cat without a grin,' thought Alice; 'but a grin
'Well! WHAT are you?' said the Pigeon. 'I can see you're trying to
'Well!' thought Alice to herself, 'after such a fall as this, I shall
'Well, I can't show it you myself,' the Mock Turtle said: 'I'm too
'Well, I never heard it before,' said the Mock Turtle; 'but it sounds
'Well, I shan't go, at any rate,' said Alice: 'besides, that's not a
'Well, I should like to be a LITTLE larger, sir, if you wouldn't mind,'
'Well, I'd hardly finished the first verse,' said the Hatter, 'when the
'Well, I've tried to say "HOW DOTH THE LITTLE BUSY BEE," but it all came
'Well, at any rate, the Dormouse said--' the Hatter went on, looking
'Well, be off, then!' said the Pigeon in a sulky tone, as it settled
'Well, if I must, I must,' the King said, with a melancholy air, and,
'Well, it must be removed,' said the King very decidedly, and he called
'Well, it's got no business there, at any rate: go and take it away!'
'Well, perhaps not,' said Alice in a soothing tone: 'don't be angry
'Well, perhaps you haven't found it so yet,' said Alice; 'but when you
'Well, perhaps your feelings may be different,' said Alice; 'all I know
'Well, then,' the Cat went on, 'you see, a dog growls when it's angry,
'Well, then,' the Gryphon went on, 'if you don't know what to uglify is,
'Well, there was Mystery,' the Mock Turtle replied, counting off
'What CAN all that green stuff be?' said Alice. 'And where HAVE my
'What I was going to say,' said the Dodo in an offended tone, 'was, that
'What IS a Caucus-race?' said Alice; not that she wanted much to know,
'What IS the fun?' said Alice.
'What IS the use of repeating all that stuff,' the Mock Turtle
'What a curious feeling!' said Alice; 'I must be shutting up like a
'What a curious plan!' exclaimed Alice.
'What a pity it wouldn't stay!' sighed the Lory, as soon as it was quite
'What did they draw?' said Alice, quite forgetting her promise.
'What did they live on?' said Alice, who always took a great interest in
'What do you know about this business?' the King said to Alice.
'What do you mean by that?' said the Caterpillar sternly. 'Explain
'What for?' said Alice.
'What for?' said the one who had spoken first.
'What size do you want to be?' it asked.
'What sort of people live about here?'
'What trial is it?' Alice panted as she ran; but the Gryphon only
'What was THAT like?' said Alice.
'What was that?' inquired Alice.
'What's in it?' said the Queen.
'When I'M a Duchess,' she said to herself, (not in a very hopeful tone
'When we were little,' the Mock Turtle went on at last, more calmly,
'Which is just the case with MINE,' said the Hatter.
'Which would NOT be an advantage,' said Alice, who felt very glad to get
'Who ARE you talking to?' said the King, going up to Alice, and looking
'Who are YOU?' said the Caterpillar.
'Who cares for you?' said Alice, (she had grown to her full size by this
'Who is it directed to?' said one of the jurymen.
'Who's making personal remarks now?' the Hatter asked triumphantly.
'Why did you call him Tortoise, if he wasn't one?' Alice asked.
'Why not?' said the March Hare.
'Why should it?' muttered the Hatter. 'Does YOUR watch tell you what
'Why with an M?' said Alice.
'Why, SHE, of course,' said the Dodo, pointing to Alice with one finger;
'Why, SHE,' said the Gryphon. 'It's all her fancy, that: they never
'Why, there they are!' said the King triumphantly, pointing to the tarts
'Why, what are YOUR shoes done with?' said the Gryphon. 'I mean, what
'Why,' said the Dodo, 'the best way to explain it is to do it.' (And, as
'Why,' said the Gryphon, 'you first form into a line along the
'Why?' said the Caterpillar.
'With extras?' asked the Mock Turtle a little anxiously.
'Would it be of any use, now,' thought Alice, 'to speak to this mouse?
'Would you like to see a little of it?' said the Mock Turtle.
'Would you tell me,' said Alice, a little timidly, 'why you are painting
'Wouldn't it really?' said Alice in a tone of great surprise.
'Write that down,' the King said to the jury, and the jury eagerly
'YOU'D better not talk!' said Five. 'I heard the Queen say only
'Yes!' shouted Alice.
'Yes, I think you'd better leave off,' said the Gryphon: and Alice was
'Yes, but I grow at a reasonable pace,' said the Dormouse: 'not in that
'Yes, but some crumbs must have got in as well,' the Hatter grumbled:
'Yes, it IS his business!' said Five, 'and I'll tell him--it was for
'Yes, please do!' pleaded Alice.
'Yes, that's it,' said the Hatter with a sigh: 'it's always tea-time,
'Yes, we went to school in the sea, though you mayn't believe it--'
'Yes,' said Alice doubtfully: 'it means--to--make--anything--prettier.'
'Yes,' said Alice, 'I've often seen them at dinn--' she checked herself
'Yes,' said Alice, 'we learned French and music.'
'You MUST remember,' remarked the King, 'or I'll have you executed.'
'You are not attending!' said the Mouse to Alice severely. 'What are you
'You are,' said the King.
'You can draw water out of a water-well,' said the Hatter; 'so I should
'You can't think how glad I am to see you again, you dear old thing!'
'You couldn't have wanted it much,' said Alice; 'living at the bottom of
'You did!' said the Hatter.
'You did,' said the Mock Turtle.
'You don't know much,' said the Duchess; 'and that's a fact.'
'You may go,' said the King, and the Hatter hurriedly left the court,
'You may not have lived much under the sea--' ('I haven't,' said
'You mean you can't take LESS,' said the Hatter: 'it's very easy to take
'You might just as well say,' added the Dormouse, who seemed to be
'You might just as well say,' added the March Hare, 'that "I like what I
'You must be,' said the Cat, 'or you wouldn't have come here.'
'You ought to be ashamed of yourself for asking such a simple question,'
'You ought to be ashamed of yourself,' said Alice, 'a great girl like
'You ought to have finished,' said the King. 'When did you begin?'
'You promised to tell me your history, you know,' said Alice, 'and why
'You shan't be beheaded!' said Alice, and she put them into a large
'You should learn not to make personal remarks,' Alice said with some
'You!' said the Caterpillar contemptuously. 'Who are YOU?'
'You'll get used to it in time,' said the Caterpillar; and it put the
'You'll see me there,' said the Cat, and vanished.
'You're a very poor speaker,' said the King.
'You're wrong about the crumbs,' said the Mock Turtle: 'crumbs would all
'You've no right to grow here,' said the Dormouse.
'Your Majesty must cross-examine THIS witness.'
'Your hair wants cutting,' said the Hatter. He had been looking at Alice
'and then,' thought she, 'what would become of me? They're dreadfully
'any shrimp could have told you that.'
'are done with a whiting. Now you know.'
'because they lessen from day to day.'
'but I must be on the look-out for serpents night and day! Why, I
'but it doesn't matter a bit,' she thought to herself.
'explanations take such a dreadful time.'
'for I can't understand it myself to begin with; and being so many
'important--unimportant--unimportant--important--' as if he were trying
'it's a vegetable. It doesn't look like one, but it is.'
'stupid,' and that he had to ask his neighbour to tell him. 'A nice
'tis love, that makes the world go round!"'
'you shouldn't have put it in with the bread-knife.'
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
('I only wish it was,' the March Hare said to itself in a whisper.)
(Alice began to say 'I once tasted--' but checked herself hastily, and
(Dinah was the cat.) 'I hope they'll remember her saucer of milk at
(IF you don't know what a Gryphon is, look at the picture.) 'Up, lazy
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
(for when she looked down at her feet, they seemed to be almost out of
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
(she was obliged to say 'creatures,' you see, because some of them were
(the position in which you usually see Shakespeare, in the pictures
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND ***
*** START: FULL LICENSE ***
***** This file should be named 11.txt or 11.zip *****
- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:
1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
1.E.9.
1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
1.F.
1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
A bright idea came into Alice's head. 'Is that the reason so many
A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the garden: the roses
ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND
After a time she heard a little pattering of feet in the distance, and
After a while, finding that nothing more happened, she decided on going
Alas! it was too late to wish that! She went on growing, and growing,
Alice a little timidly: 'but it's no use going back to yesterday,
Alice again, for this time the Mouse was bristling all over, and she
Alice began to feel very uneasy: to be sure, she had not as yet had any
Alice caught the baby with some difficulty, as it was a queer-shaped
Alice considered a little, and then said 'The fourth.'
Alice could see this, as she was near enough to look over their slates;
Alice could see, as well as if she were looking over their shoulders,
Alice could think of nothing else to say but 'It belongs to the Duchess:
Alice did not at all like the tone of this remark, and thought it would
Alice did not dare to disobey, though she felt sure it would all come
Alice did not feel encouraged to ask any more questions about it, so she
Alice did not much like keeping so close to her: first, because the
Alice did not quite know what to say to this: so she helped herself
Alice did not wish to offend the Dormouse again, so she began very
Alice didn't think that proved it at all; however, she went on 'And how
Alice felt a little irritated at the Caterpillar's making such VERY
Alice felt dreadfully puzzled. The Hatter's remark seemed to have no
Alice felt that this could not be denied, so she tried another question.
Alice folded her hands, and began:--
Alice glanced rather anxiously at the cook, to see if she meant to take
Alice got up and ran off, thinking while she ran, as well she might,
Alice had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every
Alice had been looking over his shoulder with some curiosity. 'What a
Alice had never been in a court of justice before, but she had read
Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand in her
Alice heard the Rabbit say, 'A barrowful will do, to begin with.'
Alice laughed so much at this, that she had to run back into the
Alice looked all round the table, but there was nothing on it but tea.
Alice looked at the jury-box, and saw that, in her haste, she had put
Alice looked down at them, and considered a little before she gave her
Alice noticed with some surprise that the pebbles were all turning into
Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, not
Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a minute, trying
Alice replied eagerly, for she was always ready to talk about her pet:
Alice said nothing: she had never been so much contradicted in her life
Alice said nothing; she had sat down with her face in her hands,
Alice sighed wearily. 'I think you might do something better with the
Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had
Alice thought decidedly uncivil. 'But perhaps he can't help it,' she
Alice thought she might as well go back, and see how the game was going
Alice thought she might as well wait, as she had nothing else to do, and
Alice thought the whole thing very absurd, but they all looked so grave
Alice to herself, 'in my going out altogether, like a candle. I wonder
Alice took up the fan and gloves, and, as the hall was very hot, she
Alice tried to fancy to herself what such an extraordinary ways of
Alice waited a little, half expecting to see it again, but it did not
Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded. 'It's no use
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the
Alice was just beginning to think to herself, 'Now, what am I to do with
Alice was more and more puzzled, but she thought there was no use in
Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment:
Alice was not much surprised at this, she was getting so used to queer
Alice was rather doubtful whether she ought not to lie down on her face
Alice was silent.
Alice was thoroughly puzzled. 'Does the boots and shoes!' she repeated
Alice was very glad to find her in such a pleasant temper, and thought
Alice watched the White Rabbit as he fumbled over the list, feeling very
Alice went timidly up to the door, and knocked.
Alice)--'and perhaps you were never even introduced to a lobster--'
Alice, 'and if it makes me grow larger, I can reach the key; and if it
Alice, she went on, 'What's your name, child?'
Alice, who felt ready to sink into the earth. At last the Gryphon said
Alice,) 'Well, I hardly know--No more, thank ye; I'm better now--but I'm
Alice.
All the time they were playing the Queen never left off quarrelling with
All this time the Queen had never left off staring at the Hatter, and,
An enormous puppy was looking down at her with large round eyes, and
And I declare it's too bad, that it is!'
And she went on planning to herself how she would manage it. 'They must
And so it was indeed: she was now only ten inches high, and her face
And so she went on, taking first one side and then the other, and making
And the executioner went off like an arrow.
And with that she began nursing her child again, singing a sort of
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
As she said these words her foot slipped, and in another moment, splash!
As she said this she looked down at her hands, and was surprised to see
As soon as she had made out the proper way of nursing it, (which was to
As soon as the jury had a little recovered from the shock of being
As there seemed to be no chance of getting her hands up to her head, she
As they walked off together, Alice heard the King say in a low voice,
At last the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them,
At this moment the King, who had been for some time busily writing in
At this moment the door of the house opened, and a large plate came
At this the whole pack rose up into the air, and came flying down upon
Bill's place for a good deal: this fireplace is narrow, to be sure; but
But at any rate he might answer questions.--How am I to get in?' she
But her sister sat still just as she left her, leaning her head on her
But here, to Alice's great surprise, the Duchess's voice died away, even
By the time she had caught the flamingo and brought it back, the fight
By this time she had found her way into a tidy little room with a table
CAN have happened to me! When I used to read fairy-tales, I fancied that
CHAPTER I. Down the Rabbit-Hole
CHAPTER II. The Pool of Tears
CHAPTER III. A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale
CHAPTER IV. The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill
CHAPTER IX. The Mock Turtle's Story
CHAPTER V. Advice from a Caterpillar
CHAPTER VI. Pig and Pepper
CHAPTER VII. A Mad Tea-Party
CHAPTER VIII. The Queen's Croquet-Ground
CHAPTER X. The Lobster Quadrille
CHAPTER XI. Who Stole the Tarts?
CHAPTER XII. Alice's Evidence
Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
DAMAGE.
Dinah, and saying to her very earnestly, 'Now, Dinah, tell me the truth:
Distraction, Uglification, and Derision.'
Down, down, down. There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began
Down, down, down. Would the fall NEVER come to an end! 'I wonder how
Duchess was VERY ugly; and secondly, because she was exactly the
Duck: 'it's generally a frog or a worm. The question is, what did the
Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had
End of Project Gutenberg's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, by Lewis Carroll
Everybody looked at Alice.
Everything is so out-of-the-way down here, that I should think very
Fainting in Coils.'
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
First came ten soldiers carrying clubs; these were all shaped like
First it marked out a race-course, in a sort of circle, ('the exact
First, she dreamed of little Alice herself, and once again the tiny
Fish-Footman was gone, and the other was sitting on the ground near the
Five and Seven said nothing, but looked at Two. Two began in a low
For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, and wondering what
For additional contact information:
For some minutes the whole court was in confusion, getting the Dormouse
For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had happened lately,
Forty-two. ALL PERSONS MORE THAN A MILE HIGH TO LEAVE THE COURT.'
Foundation
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.
Gryphon answered, very nearly in the same words as before, 'It's all his
Gryphon.
Gryphon.
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.
Gutenberg-tm License.
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
HAD THIS FIT--" you never had fits, my dear, I think?' he said to the
Hardly knowing what she did, she picked up a little bit of stick, and
Hare. Visit either you like: they're both mad.'
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Hatter and the March Hare went 'Sh! sh!' and the Dormouse sulkily
He got behind Alice as he spoke.
He moved on as he spoke, and the Dormouse followed him: the March Hare
He was an old crab, HE was.'
He was looking up into the sky all the time he was speaking, and this
Here one of the guinea-pigs cheered, and was immediately suppressed by
Here the Dormouse shook itself, and began singing in its sleep 'Twinkle,
Here the Queen put on her spectacles, and began staring at the Hatter,
Here the other guinea-pig cheered, and was suppressed.
Here was another puzzling question; and as Alice could not think of any
However, everything is queer to-day.'
However, it was over at last, and they sat down again in a ring, and
However, the Multiplication Table doesn't signify: let's try Geography.
However, this bottle was NOT marked 'poison,' so Alice ventured to taste
I COULD NOT SWIM--" you can't swim, can you?' he added, turning to the
I THINK I can kick a little!'
I had it written down: but I can't quite follow it as you say it.'
I shall have to go and live in that poky little house, and have next to
I should frighten them out of their wits!' So she began nibbling at the
I wonder if I've been changed in the night? Let me think: was I the
I'm quite tired of being such a tiny little thing!'
I've got to grow up again! Let me see--how IS it to be managed? I
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how
International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
It did so indeed, and much sooner than she had expected: before she had
It sounded an excellent plan, no doubt, and very neatly and simply
It was all very well to say 'Drink me,' but the wise little Alice was
It was high time to go, for the pool was getting quite crowded with the
It was so long since she had been anything near the right size, that it
It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again, and looking
It was, no doubt: only Alice did not like to be told so. 'It's really
It's enough to drive one crazy!'
Just as she said this, she noticed that one of the trees had a door
Just at this moment Alice felt a very curious sensation, which puzzled
Just then her head struck against the roof of the hall: in fact she was
Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little way
King put on his spectacles and looked anxiously round, to make out who
King, rubbing his hands; 'so now let the jury--'
King.
Knave of Hearts, who only bowed and smiled in reply.
Knave.
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
Last came a little feeble, squeaking voice, ('That's Bill,' thought
Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers
Laughing and Grief, they used to say.'
Lewis Carroll
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
Literary Archive Foundation
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
Lizard's slate-pencil, and the choking of the suppressed guinea-pigs,
Lobster Quadrille is!'
London is the capital of Paris, and Paris is the capital of Rome, and
Longitude either, but thought they were nice grand words to say.)
Lory, who at last turned sulky, and would only say, 'I am older than
Lory.
Luckily for Alice, the little magic bottle had now had its full effect,
MORE than nothing.'
Mabel! I'll try and say "How doth the little--"' and she crossed her
Majesty,' he began, 'for bringing these in: but I hadn't quite finished
March Hare and the Hatter were having tea at it: a Dormouse was sitting
March Hare.
Mercia and Northumbria--"'
Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:
Mouse heard this, it turned round and swam slowly back to her: its
Next came an angry voice--the Rabbit's--'Pat! Pat! Where are you?' And
No, there were no tears. 'If you're going to turn into a pig, my dear,'
Normans--" How are you getting on now, my dear?' it continued, turning
Now, if you only kept on good terms with him, he'd do almost anything
OUT OF ITS WAISTCOAT-POCKET, and looked at it, and then hurried on,
Oh dear! I shall be late!' (when she thought it over afterwards, it
Oh dear, what nonsense I'm talking!'
Oh! won't she be savage if I've kept her waiting!' Alice felt so
On this the White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet, and then
On various pretexts they all moved off, and Alice was soon left alone.
On which Seven looked up and said, 'That's right, Five! Always lay the
Once more she found herself in the long hall, and close to the little
One of the jurors had a pencil that squeaked. This of course, Alice
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
Pigeon, raising its voice to a shriek, 'and just as I was thinking I
Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
Poor Alice! It was as much as she could do, lying down on one side, to
Presently she began again. 'I wonder if I shall fall right THROUGH the
Presently the Rabbit came up to the door, and tried to open it; but, as
Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.
Quadrille, that she hardly knew what she was saying, and the words came
Queen jumped up and bawled out, "He's murdering the time! Off with his
Queen said--'
Queen to-day?'
Queen, who was reading the list of singers.
Queen.
Quick, now!' And Alice was so much frightened that she ran off at once
RED rose-tree, and we put a white one in by mistake; and if the Queen
Rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a pair of white kid gloves in
Rabbit, jumping up in a great hurry; 'this paper has just been picked
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
Rome--no, THAT'S all wrong, I'm certain! I must have been changed for
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
SOME change in my size; and as it can't possibly make me larger, it must
Seaography: then Drawling--the Drawling-master was an old conger-eel,
Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm
Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
Seven flung down his brush, and had just begun 'Well, of all the unjust
She ate a little bit, and said anxiously to herself, 'Which way? Which
She drew her foot as far down the chimney as she could, and waited
She had not gone much farther before she came in sight of the house
She had quite forgotten the Duchess by this time, and was a little
She said the last word with such sudden violence that Alice quite
She stretched herself up on tiptoe, and peeped over the edge of the
She waited for some time without hearing anything more: at last came a
She was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, but she felt
She was looking about for some way of escape, and wondering whether she
She was moving them about as she spoke, but no result seemed to follow,
So Alice began telling them her adventures from the time when she first
So she called softly after it, 'Mouse dear! Do come back again, and we
So she sat on, with closed eyes, and half believed herself in
So she set the little creature down, and felt quite relieved to see
So she set to work, and very soon finished off the cake.
So she swallowed one of the cakes, and was delighted to find that she
So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the
So they began solemnly dancing round and round Alice, every now and
So they sat down, and nobody spoke for some minutes. Alice thought to
So they went up to the Mock Turtle, who looked at them with large eyes
So you see, Miss, we're doing our best, afore she comes, to--' At this
Some of the jury wrote it down 'important,' and some 'unimportant.'
Soon her eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under the table:
States.
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
Still she went on growing, and, as a last resource, she put one arm out
Suddenly she came upon a little three-legged table, all made of solid
THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
THE MILLENNIUM FULCRUM EDITION 3.0
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
TWO little shrieks, and more sounds of broken glass. 'What a number of
The Cat only grinned when it saw Alice. It looked good-natured, she
The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in silence:
The Caterpillar was the first to speak.
The Dormouse again took a minute or two to think about it, and then
The Dormouse had closed its eyes by this time, and was going off into
The Dormouse shook its head impatiently, and said, without opening its
The Dormouse slowly opened his eyes. 'I wasn't asleep,' he said in a
The Duchess took her choice, and was gone in a moment.
The Fish-Footman began by producing from under his arm a great letter,
The Footman seemed to think this a good opportunity for repeating his
The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
The Gryphon lifted up both its paws in surprise. 'What! Never heard of
The Gryphon sat up and rubbed its eyes: then it watched the Queen till
The Hatter looked at the March Hare, who had followed him into the
The Hatter opened his eyes very wide on hearing this; but all he SAID
The Hatter shook his head mournfully. 'Not I!' he replied. 'We
The Hatter was the first to break the silence. 'What day of the month
The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when they
The King laid his hand upon her arm, and timidly said 'Consider, my
The King looked anxiously at the White Rabbit, who said in a low voice,
The King turned pale, and shut his note-book hastily. 'Consider your
The King's argument was, that anything that had a head could be
The Knave did so, very carefully, with one foot.
The Knave shook his head sadly. 'Do I look like it?' he said. (Which he
The March Hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily: then he dipped
The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and began, in a voice sometimes choked
The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper across
The Mock Turtle went on.
The Mouse did not notice this question, but hurriedly went on, '"--found
The Mouse only growled in reply.
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
The Queen had only one way of settling all difficulties, great or small.
The Queen smiled and passed on.
The Queen turned angrily away from him, and said to the Knave 'Turn them
The Queen turned crimson with fury, and, after glaring at her for a
The Queen's argument was, that if something wasn't done about it in less
The Rabbit started violently, dropped the white kid gloves and the fan,
The White Rabbit put on his spectacles. 'Where shall I begin, please
The baby grunted again, and Alice looked very anxiously into its face to
The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing her flamingo:
The door led right into a large kitchen, which was full of smoke from
The executioner's argument was, that you couldn't cut off a head unless
The first question of course was, how to get dry again: they had a
The first thing she heard was a general chorus of 'There goes Bill!'
The first witness was the Hatter. He came in with a teacup in one
The great question certainly was, what? Alice looked all round her at
The hedgehog was engaged in a fight with another hedgehog, which seemed
The judge, by the way, was the King; and as he wore his crown over the
The jury all wrote down on their slates, 'SHE doesn't believe there's an
The long grass rustled at her feet as the White Rabbit hurried by--the
The miserable Hatter dropped his teacup and bread-and-butter, and went
The moment Alice appeared, she was appealed to by all three to settle
The next thing was to eat the comfits: this caused some noise and
The next witness was the Duchess's cook. She carried the pepper-box in
The other guests had taken advantage of the Queen's absence, and were
The players all played at once without waiting for turns, quarrelling
The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then
The soldiers were silent, and looked at Alice, as the question was
The table was a large one, but the three were all crowded together at
The twelve jurors were all writing very busily on slates. 'What are they
Then came a little pattering of feet on the stairs. Alice knew it was
Then the Queen left off, quite out of breath, and said to Alice, 'Have
Then they all crowded round her once more, while the Dodo solemnly
Then they both bowed low, and their curls got entangled together.
There ought to be a book written about me, that there ought! And when I
There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little door, so she went
There was a dead silence instantly, and Alice thought to herself, 'I
There was a general clapping of hands at this: it was the first really
There was a large mushroom growing near her, about the same height as
There was a long silence after this, and Alice could only hear whispers
There was a table set out under a tree in front of the house, and the
There was certainly too much of it in the air. Even the Duchess
There was not a moment to be lost: away went Alice like the wind, and
There was nothing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it so
There were doors all round the hall, but they were all locked; and when
These were the verses the White Rabbit read:--
These words were followed by a very long silence, broken only by an
They had not gone far before they saw the Mock Turtle in the distance,
They very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun.
They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the bank--the
This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
This answer so confused poor Alice, that she let the Dormouse go on for
This did not seem to encourage the witness at all: he kept shifting
This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear: she got up in
This question the Dodo could not answer without a great deal of thought,
This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for making her escape; so she
This sounded promising, certainly: Alice turned and came back again.
This speech caused a remarkable sensation among the party. Some of the
This time Alice waited patiently until it chose to speak again. In
This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation. Alice replied,
This was quite a new idea to Alice, and she thought it over a little
This was such a new idea to Alice, that she was quite silent for a
To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
Turn that Dormouse out of court! Suppress him! Pinch him! Off with his
Turtle, and to hear his history. I must go back and see after some
Turtle, suddenly dropping his voice; and the two creatures, who had been
Turtle.
Turtle.'
Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
VERY much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, 'Oh dear!
Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went hunting about, and
Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.
WOULD always get into her eyes--and still as she listened, or seemed to
When she got back to the Cheshire Cat, she was surprised to find quite a
When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped and looked
Which brought them back again to the beginning of the conversation.
While the Duchess sang the second verse of the song, she kept tossing
While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
Why, there's hardly enough of me left to make ONE respectable person!'
Wonderland, though she knew she had but to open them again, and all
YOU like cats if you were me?'
YOU must cross-examine the next witness. It quite makes my forehead
YOUR temper!' 'Hold your tongue, Ma!' said the young Crab, a little
You know the song, perhaps?'
You're mad.'
_I_ shan't be able! I shall be a great deal too far off to trouble
a French mouse, come over with William the Conqueror.' (For, with all
a Hatter: and in THAT direction,' waving the other paw, 'lives a March
a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious creatures. Alice led the
a VERY turn-up nose, much more like a snout than a real nose; also its
a bit.'
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
a deal too flustered to tell you--all I know is, something comes at me
a doze; but, on being pinched by the Hatter, it woke up again with
a frying-pan after her as she went out, but it just missed her.
a great crash, as if a dish or kettle had been broken to pieces.
a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and the fall was over.
a hurry that she tipped over the jury-box with the edge of her skirt,
a kind of serpent, that's all I can say.'
a large cauldron which seemed to be full of soup.
a little pattering of footsteps in the distance, and she looked up
a little shriek, and went on: '--that begins with an M, such as
a minute or two the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth
a minute or two, she made it out to be a grin, and she said to herself
a mouse--to a mouse--a mouse--O mouse!') The Mouse looked at her rather
a pleased tone.
a procession,' thought she, 'if people had all to lie down upon their
a rabbit! I suppose Dinah'll be sending me on messages next!' And she
a tone of great relief. 'Now at OURS they had at the end of the bill,
a voice outside, and stopped to listen.
a-piece all round.
about a whiting before.'
about half no time! Take your choice!'
about in the wood, 'is to grow to my right size again; and the second
about it while the Mouse was speaking, so that her idea of the tale was
about it. And yet I wish I could show you our cat Dinah: I think you'd
about it.' (The jury all looked puzzled.)
about something, my dear, and that makes you forget to talk. I can't
about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very deep
about the reason and all that,' he said to the Gryphon.
about the whiting!'
about them in books, and she was quite pleased to find that she knew
about two feet high, and was going on shrinking rapidly: she soon found
about two feet high: even then she walked up towards it rather timidly,
about wasting IT. It's HIM.'
about.
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
accident, all except the Lizard, who seemed too much overcome to do
accustomed to usurpation and conquest. Edwin and Morcar, the earls of
ache!'
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
added 'It isn't a letter, after all: it's a set of verses.'
added the Gryphon; and then they both sat silent and looked at poor
advantage from the change: and Alice was a good deal worse off than
after folding his arms and frowning at the cook till his eyes were
after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a large
after it: 'I never was so ordered about in all my life, never!'
after that into a butterfly, I should think you'll feel it a little
after that savage Queen: so she waited.
again, it was very provoking to find that the hedgehog had unrolled
again, no wonder she felt unhappy.
again, sitting on a branch of a tree.
again.
against a buttercup to rest herself, and fanned herself with one of the
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
age knew the meaning of it at all. However, 'jury-men' would have done
age, there was no more to be said.
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
all brightened up again.)
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
all her coaxing.
all its feet at once, with a yelp of delight, and rushed at the stick,
all of them bowed low.
all spoke at once, she found it very hard indeed to make out exactly
all talking together: she made out the words: 'Where's the other
all the jurymen are back in their proper places--ALL,' he repeated with
all the while, and fighting for the hedgehogs; and in a very short
all the while, till at last it sat down a good way off, panting, with
all their simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all their simple joys,
all!' 'Do as I tell you, you coward!' and at last she spread out her
all. I needn't be afraid of them!'
almost certain to disagree with you, sooner or later.
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
along the course, here and there. There was no 'One, two, three, and
aloud; and in another moment it was out of sight.
alternately without a moment's pause. The only things in the kitchen
always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about by mice and
an agony of terror. 'Oh, there goes his PRECIOUS nose'; as an unusually
an immense length of neck, which seemed to rise like a stalk out of a
an opportunity of showing off a little of her knowledge. 'Just think of
and Alice looked round, eager to see the Queen.
and a scroll of parchment in the other. In the very middle of the court
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
and added with a kind of sob, 'I've tried every way, and nothing seems
and began by taking the little golden key, and unlocking the door that
and began talking to herself, as usual. 'Come, there's half my plan done
and broke to pieces against one of the trees behind him.
and crept a little way out of the wood to listen.
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
and had to stoop to save her neck from being broken. She hastily put
and he went on in these words:
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
and holding it to his ear.
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and it sat for a long time with one finger pressed upon its forehead
and made believe to worry it; then Alice dodged behind a great thistle,
and no one else seemed inclined to say anything.
and not to her, so she took courage, and went on again:--
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
and quietly, and looked at Alice.
and sadly:--
and said 'That's very curious.'
and she could even make out that one of them didn't know how to spell
and she grew no larger: still it was very uncomfortable, and, as there
and she very good-naturedly began hunting about for them, but they were
and skurried away into the darkness as hard as he could go.
and sometimes she scolded herself so severely as to bring tears into
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.
and the whole party at once crowded round her, calling out in a confused
and very soon had to kneel down on the floor: in another minute there
and wags its tail when it's pleased. Now I growl when I'm pleased, and
and waited.
and walking off to other parts of the ground, Alice soon came to the
and was just going to leave the room, when her eye fell upon a little
and we've no time to wash the things between whiles.'
and when she had tired herself out with trying, the poor little thing
and whiskers, how late it's getting!' She was close behind it when she
and yawned once or twice, and shook itself. Then it got down off the
angrily: 'really you are very dull!'
animals and birds waiting outside. The poor little Lizard, Bill, was
animals, and some were birds,) 'I suppose they are the jurors.' She said
answer, so Alice went on eagerly: 'There is such a nice little dog near
answer. 'They're done with blacking, I believe.'
answered 'Come on!' and ran the faster, while more and more faintly
anxiously about as it went, as if it had lost something; and she heard
anxiously about her. 'Oh, do let me help to undo it!'
anxiously over his shoulder as he spoke, and then raised himself upon
anxiously round to see if he would deny it too: but the Dormouse denied
any more!' And here poor Alice began to cry again, for she felt very
any rate a book of rules for shutting people up like telescopes: this
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
anything but sit with its mouth open, gazing up into the roof of the
anything had happened.) So she began again: 'Ou est ma chatte?' which
appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise
appear, and after a minute or two she walked on in the direction in
appeared; but she ran off as hard as she could, and soon found herself
approach us with offers to donate.
arch I've got to go through next walking about at the other end of the
archbishop find?'
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
are; secondly, because they're making such a noise inside, no one could
arms, took the hookah out of its mouth again, and said, 'So you think
around it--once more the shriek of the Gryphon, the squeaking of the
arranged; the only difficulty was, that she had not the smallest idea
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
arrived, with a great crowd assembled about them--all sorts of little
as "I sleep when I breathe"!'
as all that.'
as if nothing had happened.
as she spoke. (The unfortunate little Bill had left off writing on his
as the Rabbit, and had no reason to be afraid of it.
as well as she could for sneezing.
ask: perhaps I shall see it written up somewhere.'
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
at all what had become of it; so, after hunting all about for it, he was
at applause, which was immediately suppressed by the officers of the
at her, and the Queen said severely 'Who is this?' She said it to the
at last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth, and addressed
at least, if there are, nobody attends to them--and you've no idea how
at the Cat's head with great curiosity.
atom of meaning in it,' but none of them attempted to explain the paper.
authority over Alice.
away from her as hard as it could go, and making quite a commotion in
away,' but they began running when they liked, and left off when they
away. 'You insult me by talking such nonsense!'
back to finish his story.
back to the game, the Queen merely remarking that a moment's delay would
back to the table, half hoping she might find another key on it, or at
bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the
bats eat cats?' for, you see, as she couldn't answer either question,
be Mabel, for I know all sorts of things, and she, oh! she knows such a
be NO mistake about it: it was neither more nor less than a pig, and she
be as well to introduce some other subject of conversation. While she
be growing small again.' She got up and went to the table to measure
be listening, so she went on again: 'Twenty-four hours, I THINK; or is
beasts and other unpleasant things, all because they WOULD not remember
because I was a different person then.'
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
before it's done.'
before she made her next remark. 'Then the eleventh day must have been a
before, and she felt that she was losing her temper.
before, as the March Hare had just upset the milk-jug into his plate.
before,' said Alice,) and round the neck of the bottle was a paper
began again, using the ink, that was trickling down his face, as long as
began fancying the sort of thing that would happen: '"Miss Alice! Come
began ordering people about like that!'
began picking them up again as quickly as she could, for the accident of
began shrinking directly. As soon as she was small enough to get through
began to get rather sleepy, and went on saying to herself, in a dreamy
began. Alice thought she had never seen such a curious croquet-ground in
began: 'O Mouse, do you know the way out of this pool? I am very tired
begged the Mouse to tell them something more.
begin.' He looked at the Gryphon as if he thought it had some kind of
beginning with the end of the tail, and ending with the grin, which
begins "I passed by his garden."'
begun asking riddles.--I believe I can guess that,' she added aloud.
beheaded, and that you weren't to talk nonsense.
behind it was a little door about fifteen inches high: she tried the
behind it, it occurred to her that she might as well look and see what
being drowned in my own tears! That WILL be a queer thing, to be sure!
bend, I think?'
best to climb up one of the legs of the table, but it was too slippery;
between them, fast asleep, and the other two were using it as a
birds and animals that had fallen into it: there were a Duck and a Dodo,
birds and beasts, as well as the whole pack of cards: the Knave was
birds hurried off at once: one old Magpie began wrapping itself up very
birds with draggled feathers, the animals with their fur clinging close
birthday presents like that!' But she did not venture to say it out
blame on others!'
blasts on the trumpet, and called out, 'First witness!'
blow underneath her chin: it had struck her foot!
blow with its head, it WOULD twist itself round and look up in her face,
book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in
bore it as well as she could.
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
bottle that stood near the looking-glass. There was no label this time
bread-and-butter getting so thin--and the twinkling of the tea--'
bread-and-butter.
brightened up at the thought that she was now the right size for going
bringing the cook tulip-roots instead of onions.'
business of MINE.'
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
but I don't remember where.'
but at any rate it would not open any of them. However, on the second
but her voice sounded hoarse and strange, and the words did not come the
but it said nothing.
but she added, to herself, 'Why, they're only a pack of cards, after
but she heard a little shriek and a fall, and a crash of broken glass,
but the Dodo had paused as if it thought that SOMEBODY ought to speak,
but, alas! either the locks were too large, or the key was too small,
but, alas! the little door was shut again, and the little golden key was
buttered toast,) she very soon finished it off.
by another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a
by the time he had come back with the Duchess, it had entirely
called out to her in an angry tone, 'Why, Mary Ann, what ARE you doing
called out, 'Sit down, all of you, and listen to me! I'LL soon make you
came near her, she began, in a low, timid voice, 'If you please, sir--'
came upon a neat little house, on the door of which was a bright brass
came, carried on the breeze that followed them, the melancholy words:--
can do no more, whatever happens. What WILL become of me?'
can't prove I did: there's no name signed at the end.'
can't think! And oh, I wish you could see her after the birds! Why,
candle is like after the candle is blown out, for she could not remember
carefully, remarking, 'I really must be getting home; the night-air
cat in the world! Oh, my dear Dinah! I wonder if I shall ever see you
cats: nasty, low, vulgar things! Don't let me hear the name again!'
cautiously: 'But I don't understand. Where did they draw the treacle
certainly did NOT, being made entirely of cardboard.)
change the subject.
changed into alarm in another moment, when she found that her shoulders
changed several times since then.'
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
cheated herself in a game of croquet she was playing against herself,
child; 'but little girls eat eggs quite as much as serpents do, you
childhood: and how she would gather about her other little children, and
children she knew, who might do very well as pigs, and was just saying
chimneys were shaped like ears and the roof was thatched with fur. It
clever thing the King had said that day.
close by her.
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
come to the end: then stop.'
coming. 'There's PLENTY of room!' said Alice indignantly, and she sat
complaining tone, 'and they all quarrel so dreadfully one can't hear
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
conclusion that it was a very difficult game indeed.
confusing it is all the things being alive; for instance, there's the
confusing thing I ever heard!'
confusion, as the large birds complained that they could not taste
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
consultation about this, and after a few minutes it seemed quite natural
contempt. 'I've seen a good many little girls in my time, but never ONE
conversation dropped, and the party sat silent for a minute, while Alice
conversation. 'Are you--are you fond--of--of dogs?' The Mouse did not
conversations?'
copied or distributed:
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
corners: next the ten courtiers; these were ornamented all over with
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
cost them their lives.
could get away without being seen, when she noticed a curious appearance
could hear the rattle of the teacups as the March Hare and his friends
could not stand, and she went round the court and got behind him, and
could.
could.
course--"I GAVE HER ONE, THEY GAVE HIM TWO--" why, that must be what he
court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse. 'Fourteenth of March, I think it
court, by the way the people near the door began sneezing all at once.
court," and I never understood what it meant till now.'
court.
courtiers, or three of her own children.
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
creatures hid their faces in their paws.
cries to the voice of the shepherd boy--and the sneeze of the baby, the
croquet with the Queen,' and she hurried out of the room. The cook threw
croquet-ground.
crown on a crimson velvet cushion; and, last of all this grand
crown. William's conduct at first was moderate. But the insolence of his
cucumber-frame, or something of the sort.
cucumber-frames there must be!' thought Alice. 'I wonder what they'll do
cupboards and book-shelves; here and there she saw maps and pictures
curious to see what the next witness would be like, '--for they haven't
cushion, resting their elbows on it, and talking over its head. 'Very
dare say there may be ONE.'
daughter 'Ah, my dear! Let this be a lesson to you never to lose
days and days.'
deal to come before that!'
dear, certainly: but now run in to your tea; it's getting late.' So
dear: she is only a child!'
deep and reaching half down the hall.
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
denying it. I suppose you'll be telling me next that you never tasted an
desperate that she was ready to ask help of any one; so, when the Rabbit
diamonds, and walked two and two, as the soldiers did. After these came
did with the tarts, you know--'
did you ever eat a bat?' when suddenly, thump! thump! down she came upon
different sizes in a day is very confusing.'
different!' Alice replied in a very melancholy voice.
dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think
disappeared.
disappeared; so the King and the executioner ran wildly up and down
disappointment it was empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear
dispute with the Queen, but she knew that it might happen any minute,
distance.
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
do a thing I ask! It's always six o'clock now.'
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
do well enough; don't be particular--Here, Bill! catch hold of this
do you know that you're mad?'
doesn't like changing so often, you know.'
doesn't suit my throat!' and a Canary called out in a trembling voice to
doing?' Alice whispered to the Gryphon. 'They can't have anything to put
don't want YOU with us!"'
door, she found she had forgotten the little golden key, and when she
door, she walked sadly down the middle, wondering how she was ever to
door, staring stupidly up into the sky.
doorway; 'and even if my head would go through,' thought poor Alice, 'it
down again into its nest. Alice crouched down among the trees as well as
down her flamingo, and began an account of the game, feeling very glad
down in a large arm-chair at one end of the table.
down on one knee as he spoke, 'we were trying--'
down on one knee. 'I'm a poor man, your Majesty,' he began.
down the bottle, saying to herself 'That's quite enough--I hope I shan't
down yet, before the trial's begun.'
down! Heads below!' (a loud crash)--'Now, who did that?--It was Bill, I
down, both of you, and don't speak a word till I've finished.'
drawing of a muchness?'
dreadful,' she muttered to herself, 'the way all the creatures argue.
drunk half the bottle, she found her head pressing against the ceiling,
drunk quite so much!'
dry enough!' They all sat down at once, in a large ring, with the Mouse
dry me at all.'
eagerly, half hoping that the Mouse had changed his mind, and was coming
ear and left foot, so as to prevent its undoing itself,) she carried
earth! How funny it'll seem to come out among the people that walk with
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
egg!'
elbow.'
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
electronic works
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
enough for it to speak with.
enough of it now in sight, and no more of it appeared.
enough.'
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.
escape again, and went back for a little more conversation with her
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
ever having seen such a thing.
every line:
every now and then she had to stop and untwist it. After a while she
everything that Alice said; 'there's a large mustard-mine near here. And
everything's curious today. I think I may as well go in at once.' And in
evidently meant for her.
except a little shaking among the distant green leaves.
executed for having missed their turns, and she did not like the look
executed, whether you're nervous or not.'
executes nobody, you know. Come on!'
executions I have ordered'; and she walked off, leaving Alice alone with
explain to you how it was done. They had a large canvas bag, which tied
eyes were getting extremely small for a baby: altogether Alice did not
eyes, 'Of course, of course; just what I was going to remark myself.'
face was quite pale (with passion, Alice thought), and it said in a low
faces, and the pattern on their backs was the same as the rest of the
faces, so that they couldn't see it?' So she stood still where she was,
fan and gloves.
fancy, that: he hasn't got no sorrow, you know. Come on!'
fancy--Who's to go down the chimney?--Nay, I shan't! YOU do it!--That I
fear they should forget them before the end of the trial.'
feebly stretching out one paw, trying to touch her. 'Poor little thing!'
feel a little worried.
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
fellow?'
felt certain it must be really offended. 'We won't talk about her any
felt quite strange at first; but she got used to it in a few minutes,
felt that it ought to be treated with respect.
felt that it would be quite absurd for her to carry it further.
ferrets! Where CAN I have dropped them, I wonder?' Alice guessed in a
fetch it here, lad!--Here, put 'em up at this corner--No, tie 'em
filled the air, mixed up with the distant sobs of the miserable Mock
filled with tears again as she went on, 'I must be Mabel after all, and
finger VERY deeply with a knife, it usually bleeds; and she had never
finished, her sister kissed her, and said, 'It WAS a curious dream,
fire, and at once set to work throwing everything within her reach at
first thought was that it might belong to one of the doors of the hall;
fish)--and rapped loudly at the door with his knuckles. It was opened
flinging the baby at her as she spoke. 'I must go and get ready to play
flower-pot that stood near. The three soldiers wandered about for a
fond of beheading people here; the great wonder is, that there's any one
for any lesson-books!'
for apples, yer honour!'
for eggs, as it happens; and if I was, I shouldn't want YOURS: I don't
for some time with great curiosity, and this was his first speech.
for the moment she quite forgot how to speak good English); 'now I'm
for the next moment a shower of little pebbles came rattling in at the
for this curious child was very fond of pretending to be two people.
forepaws to mark the time, while the Mock Turtle sang this, very slowly
forgotten that, if you drink much from a bottle marked 'poison,' it is
forgotten to ask.'
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
fountains.
four times seven is--oh dear! I shall never get to twenty at that rate!
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
friend.
frightened Mouse splashed his way through the neighbouring pool--she
frog; and both footmen, Alice noticed, had powdered hair that curled all
from one foot to the other, looking uneasily at the Queen, and in
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
from the roof.
from which she concluded that it was just possible it had fallen into a
from?'
full of tears, but said nothing.
funny watch!' she remarked. 'It tells the day of the month, and doesn't
gardeners instantly jumped up, and began bowing to the King, the Queen,
gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it),
generally a ridge or furrow in the way wherever she wanted to send the
get into the garden, and I don't care which happens!'
get out again.
get" is the same thing as "I get what I like"!'
given by the Queen of Hearts, and I had to sing
glass table. 'Now, I'll manage better this time,' she said to herself,
glass; there was nothing on it except a tiny golden key, and Alice's
go by the carrier,' she thought; 'and how funny it'll seem, sending
go down the chimney!'
go on. 'And so these three little sisters--they were learning to draw,
go round and get in at the window.'
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
going on within--a constant howling and sneezing, and every now and then
going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out what
good reason, and as the Caterpillar seemed to be in a VERY unpleasant
got much evidence YET,' she said to herself. Imagine her surprise, when
got up, and began to repeat it, but her head was so full of the Lobster
great disgust, and walked off; the Dormouse fell asleep instantly, and
great emphasis, looking hard at Alice as he said do.
great hurry.
ground as she spoke; 'either you or your head must be off, and that in
ground--and I should have croqueted the Queen's hedgehog just now, only
grow any more--As it is, I can't get out at the door--I do wish I hadn't
grow larger again, and she thought at first she would get up and leave
grow shorter.'
grow up, I'll write one--but I'm grown up now,' she added in a sorrowful
growing on it were white, but there were three gardeners at it, busily
growing, and she was quite surprised to find that she remained the same
growl, 'the world would go round a deal faster than it does.'
had brought herself down to nine inches high.
had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way
had kept a piece of it in her pocket) till she was about a foot high:
had made.
had somehow fallen into the sea, 'and in that case I can go back by
had vanished completely.
had!'
half to itself, half to Alice.
half-past one as long as you liked.'
hand again, and made another snatch in the air. This time there were
hand and a piece of bread-and-butter in the other. 'I beg pardon, your
hand, and made a snatch in the air. She did not get hold of anything,
hand, watching the setting sun, and thinking of little Alice and all her
hands on her lap as if she were saying lessons, and began to repeat it,
hands were clasped upon her knee, and the bright eager eyes were looking
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
hastily, for the White Rabbit cried out, 'Silence in the court!' and the
hastily.
have been ill.'
have got altered.'
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
have the experiment tried.
have this cat removed!'
have to turn into a chrysalis--you will some day, you know--and then
haven't had a wink of sleep these three weeks!'
he went on, spreading out the verses on his knee, and looking at them
head first, and then sat upon it.)
head in the lap of her sister, who was gently brushing away some dead
head!"'
head!' Those whom she sentenced were taken into custody by the soldiers,
head. 'If I eat one of these cakes,' she thought, 'it's sure to make
heavy sobbing of the Mock Turtle. Alice was very nearly getting up and
heavy sobs.
hedgehog to, and, as the doubled-up soldiers were always getting up
hedges,' the Pigeon went on, without attending to her; 'but those
held it out to the puppy; whereupon the puppy jumped into the air off
help me out of THIS!' (Sounds of more broken glass.)
her a good deal until she made out what it was: she was beginning to
her arm, with its legs hanging down, but generally, just as she had got
her draw back in a hurry: a large pigeon had flown into her face, and
her eyes; and once she remembered trying to box her own ears for having
her hand, and Alice guessed who it was, even before she got into the
her in a languid, sleepy voice.
her knowledge of history, Alice had no very clear notion how long ago
her life, and had come to the general conclusion, that wherever you go
her life; it was all ridges and furrows; the balls were live hedgehogs,
her repeating 'YOU ARE OLD, FATHER WILLIAM,' to the Caterpillar, and the
her, to pass away the time.
her: she gave a little scream, half of fright and half of anger, and
here directly, and get ready for your walk!" "Coming in a minute,
herself by it, and found that, as nearly as she could guess, she was now
herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
herself, 'I don't see how he can EVEN finish, if he doesn't begin.' But
herself, 'because of his great wig.'
herself. 'Shy, they seem to put everything upon Bill! I wouldn't be in
herself; and when she had looked under it, and on both sides of it, and
him,) 'I'll give him sixpence. _I_ don't believe there's an atom of
him; and near the King was the White Rabbit, with a trumpet in one hand,
hint to Time, and round goes the clock in a twinkling! Half-past one,
his confusion he bit a large piece out of his teacup instead of the
his eyes. He looked at Alice, and tried to speak, but for a minute or
his fan and gloves--that is, if I can find them.' As she said this, she
his note-book, cackled out 'Silence!' and read out from his book, 'Rule
history, and you'll understand why it is I hate cats and dogs.'
history, she do.'
hoarse, feeble voice: 'I heard every word you fellows were saying.'
holiday?'
home! Why, I wouldn't say anything about it, even if I fell off the top
hookah into its mouth and began smoking again.
hookah, and taking not the smallest notice of her or of anything else.
hopeless than ever: she sat down and began to cry again.
hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure
hot tea upon its nose.
house, quite forgetting that she was now about a thousand times as large
how to set about it; and while she was peering about anxiously among
http://gutenberg.org/license).
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as
hungry, in which case it would be very likely to eat her up in spite of
hurried off.
hurry, muttering to himself as he came, 'Oh! the Duchess, the Duchess!
if I like being that person, I'll come up: if not, I'll stay down here
if you were INSIDE, you might knock, and I could let you out, you know.'
ignorant little girl she'll think me for asking! No, it'll never do to
impossible.
in a great hurry; 'and their names were Elsie, Lacie, and Tillie; and
in a natural way.
in a wondering tone.
in front of them, with her arms folded, frowning like a thunderstorm.
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS' WITH NO OTHER
in reply.
in the air: it puzzled her very much at first, but, after watching it
in the common way.
in the direction it pointed to, without trying to explain the mistake it
in the last few minutes that she wasn't a bit afraid of interrupting
in the middle of her favourite word 'moral,' and the arm that was linked
in the middle, being held up by two guinea-pigs, who were giving it
in the middle. Alice kept her eyes anxiously fixed on it, for she felt
in the newspapers, at the end of trials, "There was some attempts
in the window, and on it (as she had hoped) a fan and two or three pairs
in the world am I? Ah, THAT'S the great puzzle!' And she began thinking
in the world she was to get out again.
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
inquisitively, and seemed to her to wink with one of its little eyes,
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
interrupted, 'if you don't explain it as you go on? It's by far the most
interrupted: 'UNimportant, your Majesty means, of course,' he said in a
into hers began to tremble. Alice looked up, and there stood the Queen
into the garden at once; but, alas for poor Alice! when she got to the
into the loveliest garden you ever saw. How she longed to get out of
introduce it.'
invent something!'
invitation for the Duchess to play croquet.'
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
is it?' he said, turning to Alice: he had taken his watch out of his
is the driest thing I know. Silence all round, if you please! "William
is, it would feel very queer to ME.'
is, you know. Please, Ma'am, is this New Zealand or Australia?' (and
is--"Be what you would seem to be"--or if you'd like it put more
it advisable to go with Edgar Atheling to meet William and offer him the
it all is! I'll try if I know all the things I used to know. Let me
it all seemed quite natural); but when the Rabbit actually TOOK A WATCH
it didn't much matter which way she put it. She felt that she was dozing
it hastily, just in time to avoid shrinking away altogether.
it into his cup of tea, and looked at it again: but he could think of
it is you hate--C and D,' she added in a whisper, half afraid that it
it lasted.)
it must be a walrus or hippopotamus, but then she remembered how small
it muttering to itself 'The Duchess! The Duchess! Oh my dear paws! Oh
it out again, and put it right; 'not that it signifies much,' she said
it out into the open air. 'IF I don't take this child away with me,'
it ran away when it saw mine coming!'
it suddenly appeared again.
it to make it stop.
it trot away quietly into the wood. 'If it had grown up,' she said
it twelve? I--'
it was in March.' As she said this, she looked up, and there was the Cat
it, 'and what is the use of a book,' thought Alice 'without pictures or
it, and finding it very nice, (it had, in fact, a sort of mixed flavour
it: for she thought, and rightly too, that very few little girls of her
it: she could see it quite plainly through the glass, and she tried her
its children, 'Come away, my dears! It's high time you were all in bed!'
its eyes, for it was getting very sleepy; 'and they drew all manner of
its head impatiently, and walked a little quicker.
its neck nicely straightened out, and was going to give the hedgehog a
its tongue hanging out of its mouth, and its great eyes half shut.
itself upright as it spoke (it was exactly three inches high).
itself, and was in the act of crawling away: besides all this, there was
jumped; but she saw in another moment that it was addressed to the baby,
jumping about like mad things all this time, sat down again very sadly
jumping merrily along hand in hand, in couples: they were all ornamented
just as the Dormouse crossed the court, she said to one of the officers
just as well.
just beginning to write this down on their slates, when the White Rabbit
just succeeded in curving it down into a graceful zigzag, and was going
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of her
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
kept fanning herself all the time she went on talking: 'Dear, dear! How
key and hurried off to the garden door.
kind of thing never happened, and now here I am in the middle of one!
kind to them,' thought Alice, 'or perhaps they won't walk the way I want
kiss my hand if it likes.'
knew) to the confused clamour of the busy farm-yard--while the lowing
knocking, and hurried upstairs, in great fear lest she should meet the
know why it's called a whiting?'
know, with oh, such long curly brown hair! And it'll fetch things when
know.'
knowing how old it was, and, as the Lory positively refused to tell its
known them all her life. Indeed, she had quite a long argument with the
label, with the words 'DRINK ME' beautifully printed on it in large
ladder?--Why, I hadn't to bring but one; Bill's got the other--Bill!
large crowd collected round it: there was a dispute going on between
large saucepan flew close by it, and very nearly carried it off.
large she had grown in the last few minutes, and she jumped up in such
last in the beautiful garden, among the bright flower-beds and the cool
laughing: and when she had got its head down, and was going to begin
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
leading right into it. 'That's very curious!' she thought. 'But
leaves that had fluttered down from the trees upon her face.
leaves: 'I should have liked teaching it tricks very much, if--if I'd
led into the garden. Then she went to work nibbling at the mushroom (she
left alive!'
lefthand bit.
lessons in here? Why, there's hardly room for YOU, and no room at all
letter, written by the prisoner to--to somebody.'
letters.
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
like a Jack-in-the-box, and up I goes like a sky-rocket!'
like a mouse, you know. But do cats eat bats, I wonder?' And here Alice
like a star-fish,' thought Alice. The poor little thing was snorting
like a steam-engine when she caught it, and kept doubling itself up and
like the look of the thing at all. 'But perhaps it was only sobbing,'
like the three gardeners, but she could not remember ever having heard
like them raw.'
liked, so that it was not easy to know when the race was over. However,
likely it can talk: at any rate, there's no harm in trying.' So she
listen, the whole place around her became alive with the strange creatures
little cakes as they lay on the floor, and a bright idea came into her
little chin.
little creature, and held out its arms and legs in all directions, 'just
little different. But if I'm not the same, the next question is, Who
little golden key in the lock, and to her great delight it fitted!
little histories about children who had got burnt, and eaten up by wild
little thing grunted in reply (it had left off sneezing by this time).
little way forwards each time and a long way back, and barking hoarsely
living would be like, but it puzzled her too much, so she went on: 'But
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
lonely and low-spirited. In a little while, however, she again heard
long as there was room for her.
long passage, and the White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down it.
look through into the garden with one eye; but to get through was more
looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with
looked back once or twice, half hoping that they would call after her:
looked like the right thing to eat or drink under the circumstances.
looking for eggs, I know THAT well enough; and what does it matter to me
looking for it, while the rest of the party went back to the game.
loud.
lullaby to it as she did so, and giving it a violent shake at the end of
lying on the glass table as before, 'and things are worse than ever,'
made out that she was in the pool of tears which she had wept when she
made up my mind about it; if I'm Mabel, I'll stay down here! It'll be no
make THEIR eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale, perhaps even
make me smaller, I suppose.'
makes me grow smaller, I can creep under the door; so either way I'll
makes them so shiny?'
many miles I've fallen by this time?' she said aloud. 'I must be getting
many more than three.'
matter much,' thought Alice, 'as all the arches are gone from this side
meaning in it.'
memorandum of the fact.
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
mice in the air, I'm afraid, but you might catch a bat, and that's very
minute or two, looking for them, and then quietly marched off after the
minute or two, which gave the Pigeon the opportunity of adding, 'You're
minute.
minutes it puffed away without speaking, but at last it unfolded its
moment Five, who had been anxiously looking across the garden, called
moment like a wild beast, screamed 'Off with her head! Off--'
moment that it was looking for the fan and the pair of white kid gloves,
moment to be trampled under its feet, ran round the thistle again; then
moment, I tell you!' But she went on all the same, shedding gallons of
more if you'd rather not.'
mouse-traps, and the moon, and memory, and muchness--you know you say
mouth; but she did it at last, and managed to swallow a morsel of the
moved into the Dormouse's place, and Alice rather unwillingly took
moved.
much larger than a rat-hole: she knelt down and looked along the passage
muddle their slates'll be in before the trial's over!' thought Alice.
murder to leave it behind?' She said the last words out loud, and the
mushroom, and crawled away in the grass, merely remarking as it went,
mushroom, and her eyes immediately met those of a large caterpillar,
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
my fur and whiskers! She'll get me executed, as sure as ferrets are
my life!'
my own. I'm a hatter.'
my tea when I was sent for.'
myself about you: you must manage the best way you can;--but I must be
myself, you see.'
name 'Alice!'
name like an honest man.'
nearer to watch them, and just as she came up to them she heard one of
nearer, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart would break. She
nearly as large as himself, and this he handed over to the other,
nearly out of sight, he said in a deep voice, 'What are tarts made of?'
neck would bend about easily in any direction, like a serpent. She had
neither of the others took the least notice of her going, though she
nervous manner, smiling at everything that was said, and went by without
never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch
next to her. 'I can hardly breathe.'
next! As for pulling me out of the window, I only wish they COULD! I'm
nibbled some more of the lefthand bit of mushroom, and raised herself to
no toys to play with, and oh! ever so many lessons to learn! No, I've
nobody in particular. 'She'd soon fetch it back!'
nobody, which isn't usual, you know.'
not going to do THAT in a hurry. 'No, I'll look first,' she said, 'and
not got into it), and handed them round as prizes. There was exactly one
not help thinking there MUST be more to come, so she sat still and said
not look at all comfortable, and it was certainly not becoming.
not quite sure whether it was good manners for her to speak first, 'why
nothing better to say than his first remark, 'It was the BEST butter,
nothing written on the OUTSIDE.' He unfolded the paper as he spoke, and
nothing, being fast asleep.
nothing.
notice this last remark.
noticing her. Then followed the Knave of Hearts, carrying the King's
now and then; such as, 'Sure, I don't like it, yer honour, at all, at
now for the garden!' and she ran with all speed back to the little door:
now more than nine feet high, and she at once took up the little golden
now! How puzzling all these changes are! I'm never sure what I'm going
now!' The poor little thing sobbed again (or grunted, it was impossible
now--Don't choke him--How was it, old fellow? What happened to you? Tell
now? That'll be a comfort, one way--never to be an old woman--but
nowhere to be seen--everything seemed to have changed since her swim in
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
number of executions the Queen had ordered.
nurse! But I've got to see that the mouse doesn't get out." Only I don't
obliged to write with one finger for the rest of the day; and this was
occasional exclamation of 'Hjckrrh!' from the Gryphon, and the constant
occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
of THAT is--"Take care of the sense, and the sounds will take care of
of being all alone here!'
of cherry-tart, custard, pine-apple, roast turkey, toffee, and hot
of course?'
of everything I've said as yet.'
of her little sister's dream.
of hers that you have just been reading about; and when she had
of him), while the rest waited in silence. At last the Dodo said,
of killing somebody, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as
of lodging houses, and behind them a railway station.) However, she soon
of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and
of such a rule at processions; 'and besides, what would be the use of
of swimming about here, O Mouse!' (Alice thought this must be the right
of tears, 'I do wish they WOULD put their heads down! I am so VERY tired
of the March Hare: she thought it must be the right house, because the
of the cattle in the distance would take the place of the Mock Turtle's
of the court, 'Bring me the list of the singers in the last concert!' on
of the edge with each hand.
of the ground.' So she tucked it away under her arm, that it might not
of the house!' (Which was very likely true.)
of the trees under which she had been wandering, when a sharp hiss made
of the window, and one foot up the chimney, and said to herself 'Now I
of them.' In another minute the whole head appeared, and then Alice put
of things at all, as the game was in such confusion that she never knew
of things--I can't remember half of them--and it belongs to a farmer,
of tiny white kid gloves: she took up the fan and a pair of the gloves,
of very little use, as it left no mark on the slate.
off, and had just begun to dream that she was walking hand in hand with
off, and she swam nearer to make out what it was: at first she thought
off, without waiting for the end of the song.
offended!'
officers: but the Hatter was out of sight before the officer could get
on better.'
on the song, 'I'd have said to the porpoise, "Keep back, please: we
on the table. 'Nothing can be clearer than THAT. Then again--"BEFORE SHE
on, as she heard the Queen's voice in the distance, screaming with
on. 'Or would you like the Mock Turtle to sing you a song?'
on. Her listeners were perfectly quiet till she got to the part about
on.'
on.'
one corner of it: 'No room! No room!' they cried out when they saw Alice
one elbow against the door, and the other arm curled round her head.
one end to the other: the Duchess was sitting on a three-legged stool in
one hand and a large fan in the other: he came trotting along in a great
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
one way up as the other.'
oneself speak--and they don't seem to have any rules in particular;
only been the right size to do it! Oh dear! I'd nearly forgotten that
only changing the order of the words a little, 'From the Queen. An
only too glad to do so.
only took the regular course.'
opening out like the largest telescope that ever was! Good-bye, feet!'
opportunities to fix the problem.
or Longitude I've got to?' (Alice had no idea what Latitude was, or
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
or two, it was as much as she could do to hold it.
ordering off her unfortunate guests to execution--once more the pig-baby
other side of the court.
other side of the garden, where Alice could see it trying in a helpless
other side, the puppy made another rush at the stick, and tumbled head
other, and growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until she had
other: the only difficulty was, that her flamingo was gone across to the
other; however, they got settled down in a minute or two, and the game
others all joined in chorus, 'Yes, please do!' but the Mouse only shook
others.
otherwise, judging by his face only, she would have called him a
our house I should like to show you! A little bright-eyed terrier, you
out 'The Queen! The Queen!' and the three gardeners instantly threw
out as loud as she could, 'If you do. I'll set Dinah at you!'
out here? Run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of gloves and a fan!
out of sight; and an old Crab took the opportunity of saying to her
out that the cause of this was the fan she was holding, and she dropped
out with his nose, you know?'
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
over all the children she knew that were of the same age as herself, to
over heels in its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice, thinking it was
over their heads. She felt very curious to know what it was all about,
over!'
pack, she could not tell whether they were gardeners, or soldiers, or
page at http://pglaf.org
painting them red. Alice thought this a very curious thing, and she went
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
particular state visit http://pglaf.org
passion. She had already heard her sentence three of the players to be
people began running about in all directions, tumbling up against each
people in all walks of life.
perfectly idiotic!' And she opened the door and went in.
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
perhaps after all it might tell her something worth hearing. For some
perhaps as this is May it won't be raving mad--at least not so mad as
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran
pitied him deeply. 'What is his sorrow?' she asked the Gryphon, and the
place, with a little house in it about four feet high. 'Whoever lives
plate with the name 'W. RABBIT' engraved upon it. She went in without
players, except the King, the Queen, and Alice, were in custody and
pleased to have got into a conversation.
plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder what was
pocket, and pulled out a box of comfits, (luckily the salt water had
pocket, and was looking at it uneasily, shaking it every now and then,
poker will burn you if you hold it too long; and that if you cut your
pool, 'and she sits purring so nicely by the fire, licking her paws and
possibly hear you.' And certainly there was a most extraordinary noise
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.org),
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
presented the thimble, saying 'We beg your acceptance of this elegant
presents to one's own feet! And how odd the directions will look!
procession, came THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS.
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
proposal.
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
putting things!'
puzzled by the whole thing, and longed to change the subject.
quarrelled last March--just before HE went mad, you know--' (pointing
queer everything is to-day! And yesterday things went on just as usual.
queer little toss of her head to keep back the wandering hair that
queer, won't you?'
question is, what?'
question, you know.'
questions of eating and drinking.
quite a conversation of it altogether; but after a few minutes she heard
rabbit-hole under the hedge.
rabbits. I almost wish I hadn't gone down that rabbit-hole--and yet--and
railway,' she said to herself. (Alice had been to the seaside once in
rather a handsome pig, I think.' And she began thinking over other
rather sharply; 'I advise you to leave off this minute!' She generally
rather shyly, 'I--I hardly know, sir, just at present--at least I know
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
real Mary Ann, and be turned out of the house before she had found the
reason is--' here the Mock Turtle yawned and shut his eyes.--'Tell her
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
redistribution.
reduced the answer to shillings and pence.
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
regular rule: you invented it just now.'
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
remained some time after the rest of it had gone.
remark that had made the whole party look so grave and anxious.)
remark, with variations. 'I shall sit here,' he said, 'on and off, for
remarked, 'If you can't be civil, you'd better finish the story for
remedies--'
remembered that she still held the pieces of mushroom in her hands, and
remembering her own child-life, and the happy summer days.
repeated her question. 'Why did they live at the bottom of a well?'
repeated, aloud.
replied, so eagerly that the Gryphon said, in a rather offended tone,
replied; 'and then the different branches of Arithmetic--Ambition,
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
resting in the shade: however, the moment they saw her, they hurried
ridiculous fashion.' And he got up very sulkily and crossed over to the
right height to rest her chin upon Alice's shoulder, and it was an
right word) '--but I shall have to ask them what the name of the country
righthand bit again, and did not venture to go near the house till she
ringlets, and mine doesn't go in ringlets at all; and I'm sure I can't
roof off.' After a minute or two, they began moving about again, and
rope--Will the roof bear?--Mind that loose slate--Oh, it's coming
round it, panting, and asking, 'But who has won?'
round, she found this a very difficult question. However, at last she
rule, 'and vinegar that makes them sour--and camomile that makes
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a good many voices
running down his cheeks, he went on again:--
safe in a thick wood.
said 'No, never') '--so you can have no idea what a delightful thing a
said Alice, in a coaxing tone, and she tried hard to whistle to it; but
said Alice, seriously, 'I'll have nothing more to do with you. Mind
said Alice: 'three inches is such a wretched height to be.'
said the Duchess, as she tucked her arm affectionately into Alice's, and
said the Gryphon: and it set to work shaking him and punching him in
said to herself; 'his eyes are so VERY nearly at the top of his head.
said to herself; 'the March Hare will be much the most interesting, and
said, 'It was a treacle-well.'
same as they used to do:--
same when I got up this morning? I almost think I can remember feeling a
sat down and cried.
savage when they met in the kitchen.
saw the White Rabbit. She was a little nervous about it just at first,
say--that's the same thing, you know.'
saying anything more till the Pigeon had finished.
saying to herself 'Suppose it should be raving mad after all! I almost
saying to herself 'This is Bill,' she gave one sharp kick, and waited to
saying, 'Thank you, sir, for your interesting story,' but she could
saying, in a solemn tone, 'For the Duchess. An invitation from the Queen
says it kills all the rats and--oh dear!' cried Alice in a sorrowful
scratching and scrambling about in the chimney close above her: then,
scream of laughter. 'Oh, hush!' the Rabbit whispered in a frightened
sea of green leaves that lay far below her.
sea, some children digging in the sand with wooden spades, then a row
sea-shore--'
sea. The master was an old Turtle--we used to call him Tortoise--'
see if she could have been changed for any of them.
see its meaning.
see what was the matter with it. There could be no doubt that it had
see what would happen next.
see whether it's marked "poison" or not'; for she had read several nice
see: four times five is twelve, and four times six is thirteen, and
seemed to be no chance of this, so she began looking at everything about
seemed to be no sort of chance of her ever getting out of the room
seen them so often, of course you know what they're like.'
sentence first!'
sentence of execution.'
serpents! There's no pleasing them!'
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
set off at once, and ran till she was quite tired and out of breath, and
set to work at once to eat some of the other bit. Her chin was pressed
severity; 'it's very rude.'
shall only look up and say "Who am I then? Tell me that first, and then,
shape doesn't matter,' it said,) and then all the party were placed
shared their never-ending meal, and the shrill voice of the Queen
sharp little chin into Alice's shoulder as she added, 'and the moral
she could, for her neck kept getting entangled among the branches, and
she fell past it.
she felt a little nervous about this; 'for it might end, you know,' said
she had accidentally upset the week before.
she had someone to listen to her. The Cat seemed to think that there was
she hastily dried her eyes to see what was coming. It was the White
she heard the Rabbit just under the window, she suddenly spread out her
she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another
she opened it, and found in it a very small cake, on which the words
she passed; it was labelled 'ORANGE MARMALADE', but to her great
she remembered having seen in her brother's Latin Grammar, 'A mouse--of
she said to herself, and shouted out, 'You'd better not do that again!'
she set to work very carefully, nibbling first at one and then at the
she spoke.
she succeeded in getting its body tucked away, comfortably enough, under
she thought of herself, 'I wish the creatures wouldn't be so easily
she thought, and looked into its eyes again, to see if there were any
she tried to curtsey as she spoke--fancy CURTSEYING as you're falling
she waited patiently.
she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then she
she was now, and she soon made out that it was only a mouse that had
she was out of sight: then it chuckled. 'What fun!' said the Gryphon,
she was talking. 'How CAN I have done that?' she thought. 'I must
she was terribly frightened all the time at the thought that it might be
she was up to her chin in salt water. Her first idea was that she
she went on, very much pleased at having found out a new kind of
she went.
she'll eat a little bird as soon as look at it!'
short remarks, and she drew herself up and said, very gravely, 'I think,
should be free of them at last, they must needs come wriggling down from
should like to hear her try and repeat something now. Tell her to
shoulders got to? And oh, my poor hands, how is it I can't see you?'
shouldn't be hungry for it, you know.'
shouting 'Off with his head!' or 'Off with her head!' about once in a
shower of saucepans, plates, and dishes. The Duchess took no notice of
shriek of the Gryphon, and all the other queer noises, would change (she
shut up like a telescope! I think I could, if I only knew how to begin.'
sighing.
sight, they were getting so far off). 'Oh, my poor little feet, I wonder
silence, and then another confusion of voices--'Hold up his head--Brandy
silent.
simply--"Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might
sister, as well as she could remember them, all these strange Adventures
sitting sad and lonely on a little ledge of rock, and, as they came
size: the next thing is, to get into that beautiful garden--how IS that
size: to be sure, this generally happens when one eats cake, but Alice
skimming out, straight at the Footman's head: it just grazed his nose,
slate with one finger, as he found it made no mark; but he now hastily
slipped in like herself.
snappishly. 'You're enough to try the patience of an oyster!'
sneezed occasionally; and as for the baby, it was sneezing and howling
so closely against her foot, that there was hardly room to open her
soldiers remaining behind to execute the unfortunate gardeners, who ran
some time without interrupting it.
something like this:--
something out of a bottle. They all made a rush at Alice the moment she
somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let me see: that would be four
sort of meaning in it, and yet it was certainly English. 'I don't quite
sort of way to fly up into a tree.
sort of way, 'Do cats eat bats? Do cats eat bats?' and sometimes, 'Do
speaking to it,' she thought, 'till its ears have come, or at least one
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
standing before them, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guard
startled when she heard her voice close to her ear. 'You're thinking
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
state of mind, she turned away.
status with the IRS.
stays the same year for such a long time together.'
stiff. And the Gryphon never learnt it.'
stingy about it, you know--'
straightening itself out again, so that altogether, for the first minute
stretched her arms round it as far as they would go, and broke off a bit
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
succeeded in bringing herself down to her usual height.
such a capital one for catching mice--oh, I beg your pardon!' cried
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
sudden change, but very glad to find herself still in existence; 'and
sudden leap out of the water, and seemed to quiver all over with fright.
suppose I ought to eat or drink something or other; but the great
suppose it doesn't mind.'
sure I don't want to stay in here any longer!'
sure she would catch a bad cold if she did not get dry very soon.
surprised he'll be when he finds out who I am! But I'd better take him
sweet-tempered. I only wish people knew that: then they wouldn't be so
tail about in a melancholy way, being quite unable to move. She soon got
tail. 'As if I would talk on such a subject! Our family always HATED
take a fancy to cats if you could only see her. She is such a dear quiet
take me for a dunce? Go on!'
take more.'
talking again. 'Dinah'll miss me very much to-night, I should think!'
talking in his sleep, 'that "I breathe when I sleep" is the same thing
tea-things are put out here?' she asked.
tea-time. Dinah my dear! I wish you were down here with me! There are no
teacups would change to tinkling sheep-bells, and the Queen's shrill
tears, until there was a large pool all round her, about four inches
tears.
telescope.'
tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?'
tell what o'clock it is!'
tell you just now what the moral of that is, but I shall remember it in
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
than no time she'd have everybody executed, all round. (It was this last
than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise."'
that
that "I see what I eat" is the same thing as "I eat what I see"!'
that Alice could hardly hear the words:--
that Alice had begun to think that very few things indeed were really
that all the jurors were writing down 'stupid things!' on their slates,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
that attempt proved a failure. Alice heard it say to itself 'Then I'll
that cats COULD grin.'
that dark hall, and wander about among those beds of bright flowers and
that did not sneeze, were the cook, and a large cat which was sitting on
that it made Alice quite hungry to look at them--'I wish they'd get the
that it was quite impossible to say whether the blows hurt it or not.
that she did not dare to laugh; and, as she could not think of anything
that she had put on one of the Rabbit's little white kid gloves while
that she looked down into its face in some alarm. This time there could
that the Queen was close behind her, listening: so she went on,
that the meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more energetic
that the poor little juror (it was Bill, the Lizard) could not make out
that there was no time to be lost, as she was shrinking rapidly; so she
that they must be collected at once and put back into the jury-box, or
that used to come once a week: HE taught us Drawling, Stretching, and
that was sitting on the top with its arms folded, quietly smoking a long
that!'
that--only the March Hare said--'
the Conqueror, whose cause was favoured by the pope, was soon submitted
the Dodo suddenly called out 'The race is over!' and they all crowded
the Duchess and the baby--the fire-irons came first; then followed a
the Duchess said after a pause: 'the reason is, that I'm doubtful about
the Eaglet bent down its head to hide a smile: some of the other birds
the Gryphon added 'Come, let's hear some of YOUR adventures.'
the Gryphon. Alice did not quite like the look of the creature, but on
the Lizard in head downwards, and the poor little thing was waving its
the March Hare.
the Mouse's tail; 'but why do you call it sad?' And she kept on puzzling
the Queen, who was passing at the moment, 'My dear! I wish you would
the Rabbit coming to look for her, and she trembled till she shook the
the White Rabbit read out, at the top of his shrill little voice, the
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
the baby violently up and down, and the poor little thing howled so,
the back. At last the Mock Turtle recovered his voice, and, with tears
the best plan.'
the best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race.'
the conversation a little.
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
the court; but on second thoughts she decided to remain where she was as
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
the door opened inwards, and Alice's elbow was pressed hard against it,
the door, she ran out of the house, and found quite a crowd of little
the earls of Mercia and Northumbria, declared for him: and even Stigand,
the end of half an hour or so there were no arches left, and all the
the executioner, the King, and the Queen, who were all talking at once,
the flowers and the blades of grass, but she did not see anything that
the goldfish kept running in her head, and she had a vague sort of idea
the hearth and grinning from ear to ear.
the hint; but the cook was busily stirring the soup, and seemed not to
the last time she saw them, they were trying to put the Dormouse into
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
the m--'
the mallets live flamingoes, and the soldiers had to double themselves
the middle, nursing a baby; the cook was leaning over the fire, stirring
the moral of that is--"Birds of a feather flock together."'
the moral of that is--"The more there is of mine, the less there is of
the morning, just time to begin lessons: you'd only have to whisper a
the name of nearly everything there. 'That's the judge,' she said to
the number of changes she had gone through that day.
the officers of the court. (As that is rather a hard word, I will just
the other players, and shouting 'Off with his head!' or 'Off with her
the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found it advisable--"'
the place of the March Hare. The Hatter was the only one who got any
the pool as it went.
the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door,
the poor animal's feelings. 'I quite forgot you didn't like cats.'
the puppy began a series of short charges at the stick, running a very
the question, and they repeated their arguments to her, though, as they
the right-hand bit to try the effect: the next moment she felt a violent
the royal children, and everybody else.
the royal children; there were ten of them, and the little dears came
the sea.'
the simple rules their friends had taught them: such as, that a red-hot
the sky! Ugh, Serpent!'
the subjects on his flappers, '--Mystery, ancient and modern, with
the teapot.
the temper of your flamingo. Shall I try the experiment?'
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
the three gardeners, oblong and flat, with their hands and feet at the
the trees, a little sharp bark just over her head made her look up in a
the two creatures got so close to her, one on each side, and opened
the verses to himself: '"WE KNOW IT TO BE TRUE--" that's the jury, of
the whole she thought it would be quite as safe to stay with it as to go
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
the works!' he added looking angrily at the March Hare.
their eyes and mouths so VERY wide, but she gained courage as she went
their heads downward! The Antipathies, I think--' (she was rather glad
their mouths--and they're all over crumbs.'
their own business!'
theirs, and the small ones choked and had to be patted on the back.
them Alice recognised the White Rabbit: it was talking in a hurried
them bitter--and--and barley-sugar and such things that make children
them even when they hit her; and the baby was howling so much already,
them out again. That's all.'
them say, 'Look out now, Five! Don't go splashing paint over me like
them, and he checked himself suddenly: the others looked round also, and
them, they set to work very diligently to write out a history of the
themselves flat upon their faces. There was a sound of many footsteps,
themselves."'
then a voice she had never heard before, 'Sure then I'm here! Digging
then she walked down the little passage: and THEN--she found herself at
then the Rabbit's voice along--'Catch him, you by the hedge!' then
then treading on her toes when they passed too close, and waving their
then, when you've cleared all the jelly-fish out of the way--'
then--always to have lessons to learn! Oh, I shouldn't like THAT!'
there WAS no one listening, this time, as it didn't sound at all the
there was a body to cut it off from: that he had never had to do such a
there was silence for some minutes.
there,' thought Alice, 'it'll never do to come upon them THIS size: why,
they lay sprawling about, reminding her very much of a globe of goldfish
they lived at the bottom of a well--'
they pinched it on both sides at once.
they walked off together.
they would die.
thimble'; and, when it had finished this short speech, they all cheered.
thing before, and he wasn't going to begin at HIS time of life.
thing is to find my way into that lovely garden. I think that will be
thing!' said the Queen, 'and take this young lady to see the Mock
thing!' she said to herself, for she had felt quite unhappy at the
thing,' Alice went on, half to herself, as she swam lazily about in the
things are "much of a muchness"--did you ever see such a thing as a
things happening. While she was looking at the place where it had been,
things of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, and though this
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on
things--' when his eye chanced to fall upon Alice, as she stood watching
things--everything that begins with an M--'
think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they'll all think me at
think you could draw treacle out of a treacle-well--eh, stupid?'
think,' Alice went on, 'that they'd let Dinah stop in the house if it
think--'
thinking of?'
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
this bottle does. I do hope it'll make me grow large again, for really
this creature when I get it home?' when it grunted again, so violently,
this last word two or three times over to herself, being rather proud of
this was her dream:--
those cool fountains, but she could not even get her head through the
those long words, and, what's more, I don't believe you do either!' And
those roses?'
though still sobbing a little now and then, 'we went to school in the
though), 'I won't have any pepper in my kitchen AT ALL. Soup does very
thought Alice, 'they're sure to kill it in a day or two: wouldn't it be
thought Alice; 'I might as well be at school at once.' However, she
thought over all she could remember about ravens and writing-desks,
thought the poor child, 'for I never was so small as this before, never!
thought: still it had VERY long claws and a great many teeth, so she
thousand miles down, I think--' (for, you see, Alice had learnt several
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
through the air! Do you think you could manage it?) 'And what an
through the little door into that lovely garden. First, however, she
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
till I'm somebody else"--but, oh dear!' cried Alice, with a sudden burst
till she heard a little animal (she couldn't guess of what sort it was)
till the puppy's bark sounded quite faint in the distance.
time for dinner!'
time round, she came upon a low curtain she had not noticed before, and
time she found a little bottle on it, ('which certainly was not here
time the Queen was in a furious passion, and went stamping about, and
time,' she said, 'than waste it in asking riddles that have no answers.'
time.) 'You're nothing but a pack of cards!'
tiptoe, put his mouth close to her ear, and whispered 'She's under
tittered audibly.
to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one of them with the
to Alice as it spoke.
to Alice for protection.
to Alice to find herself talking familiarly with them, as if she had
to ask.
to be done, I wonder?' As she said this, she came suddenly upon an open
to be, from one minute to another! However, I've got back to my right
to by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been of late much
to dive in among the leaves, which she found to be nothing but the tops
to do next, when suddenly a footman in livery came running out of the
to find her way out. 'I shall be punished for it now, I suppose, by
to go! Let me see: I'll give them a new pair of boots every Christmas.'
to her lips. 'I know SOMETHING interesting is sure to happen,' she said
to herself that perhaps it was only the pepper that had made her so
to herself, 'if one only knew the right way to change them--' when she
to herself, 'it would have made a dreadfully ugly child: but it makes
to herself, 'whenever I eat or drink anything; so I'll just see what
to herself; 'I should think it would be QUITE as much use in the trial
to himself in an undertone,
to keep herself from being run over; and the moment she appeared on the
to make out which were the two sides of it; and as it was perfectly
to on the English coast you find a number of bathing machines in the
to play croquet.' The Frog-Footman repeated, in the same solemn tone,
to repeat it, when a cry of 'The trial's beginning!' was heard in the
to say which), and they went on for some while in silence.
to say!'
to say, she simply bowed, and took the thimble, looking as solemn as she
to some tea and bread-and-butter, and then turned to the Dormouse, and
to suit them!'
to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the field
to the Mock Turtle, 'Drive on, old fellow! Don't be all day about it!'
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
to the company generally, 'You are all pardoned.' 'Come, THAT'S a good
to the dance. So they got thrown out to sea. So they had to fall a long
to the door.
to them, and all dripping wet, cross, and uncomfortable.
together first--they don't reach half high enough yet--Oh! they'll
told me he was going a journey, I should say "With what porpoise?"'
tone, 'I'm afraid I've offended it again!' For the Mouse was swimming
tone. 'Nobody seems to like her, down here, and I'm sure she's the best
tone. 'The Queen will hear you! You see, she came rather late, and the
tone: 'tell her something about the games now.'
tone; 'at least there's no room to grow up any more HERE.'
too much frightened to say a word, but slowly followed her back to the
too.'
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
tree a few yards off.
trembling voice, 'Let us get to the shore, and then I'll tell you my
trial done,' she thought, 'and hand round the refreshments!' But there
tried to beat them off, and found herself lying on the bank, with her
tried to get her head down to them, and was delighted to find that her
trouble, you know, as we needn't try to find any. And yet I don't know,'
turned out, and, by the time they had settled down again, the cook had
turned the corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found
turned to the Mock Turtle, and said 'What else had you to learn?'
turning to the rose-tree, she went on, 'What HAVE you been doing here?'
twentieth time that day.
twenty-four hours to turn round on its axis--'
twinkle, twinkle, twinkle--' and went on so long that they had to pinch
twist it up into a sort of knot, and then keep tight hold of its right
two reasons. First, because I'm on the same side of the door as you
two sobs choked his voice. 'Same as if he had a bone in his throat,'
two.
uglifying!' it exclaimed. 'You know what to beautify is, I suppose?'
uncomfortable for the Dormouse,' thought Alice; 'only, as it's asleep, I
uncomfortably sharp chin. However, she did not like to be rude, so she
uncommon nonsense.'
under sentence of execution.
understand you,' she said, as politely as she could.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
unrolled the parchment scroll, and read as follows:--
up and to stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches.
up at the mouth with strings: into this they slipped the guinea-pig,
up into hers--she could hear the very tones of her voice, and see that
up.'
upset, and their slates and pencils had been found and handed back to
upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads of the crowd below, and there
us all about it!'
use their putting their heads down and saying "Come up again, dear!" I
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
used--and I don't keep the same size for ten minutes together!'
vanishing so suddenly: you make one quite giddy.'
verdict,' he said to the jury, in a low, trembling voice.
verse.'
very glad that it was over at last: 'and I do so like that curious song
very like having a game of play with a cart-horse, and expecting every
very little! Besides, SHE'S she, and I'm I, and--oh dear, how puzzling
very queer indeed:--
very respectful tone, but frowning and making faces at him as he spoke.
very soon found an opportunity of taking it away. She did it so quickly
voice, 'Why the fact is, you see, Miss, this here ought to have been a
wag my tail when I'm angry. Therefore I'm mad.'
waited for a few minutes to see if she was going to shrink any further:
walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
was a little startled by seeing the Cheshire Cat sitting on a bough of a
was a table, with a large dish of tarts upon it: they looked so good,
was beating her violently with its wings.
was just in time to hear it say, as it turned a corner, 'Oh my ears
was nine feet high.
was no one to listen to her, still it was good practice to say it over)
was not a VERY good opportunity for showing off her knowledge, as there
was not even room for this, and she tried the effect of lying down with
was on the top of it.
was over, and both the hedgehogs were out of sight: 'but it doesn't
was sneezing on the Duchess's knee, while plates and dishes crashed
was so large a house, that she did not like to go nearer till she had
was talking.
was the first sentence in her French lesson-book. The Mouse gave a
was to find it out, we should all have our heads cut off, you know.
was trying to fix on one, the cook took the cauldron of soup off the
was, 'Why is a raven like a writing-desk?'
was,' he said.
wash off in the sea. But they HAVE their tails in their mouths; and the
washing her face--and she is such a nice soft thing to nurse--and she's
way of speaking to a mouse: she had never done such a thing before, but
way through the wood. 'It's the stupidest tea-party I ever was at in all
way, 'Prizes! Prizes!'
way, and the whole party swam to the shore.
way. So they got their tails fast in their mouths. So they couldn't get
way?', holding her hand on the top of her head to feel which way it was
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
well without--Maybe it's always pepper that makes people hot-tempered,'
well.
went back to the table for it, she found she could not possibly reach
were lying round the rosetree; for, you see, as they were lying on their
were nowhere to be found: all she could see, when she looked down, was
what I should be like then?' And she tried to fancy what the flame of a
what a wonderful dream it had been.
what they said.
what they're about!'
what work it would make with the day and night! You see the earth takes
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
when I learn music.'
when they had been running half an hour or so, and were quite dry again,
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
whether it was her turn or not. So she went in search of her hedgehog.
whether it would like the name: however, it only grinned a little wider.
whether you're a little girl or a serpent?'
which produced another dead silence.
which the March Hare was said to live. 'I've seen hatters before,' she
which the wretched Hatter trembled so, that he shook both his shoes off.
which wasn't much.
which word sounded best.
while all the rest were quite silent, and looked very uncomfortable.
whiskers!'
who I WAS when I got up this morning, but I think I must have been
who of course had to leave off being arches to do this, so that by
who turned pale and fidgeted.
who will put on your shoes and stockings for you now, dears? I'm sure
why did they live at the bottom of a well?'
wig, (look at the frontispiece if you want to see how he did it,) he did
will be renamed.
wind, and the pool rippling to the waving of the reeds--the rattling
window!'
window, and some of them hit her in the face. 'I'll put a stop to this,'
wise fish would go anywhere without a porpoise.'
wish I'd gone to see the Hatter instead!'
with a smile. There was a dead silence.
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
with hearts. Next came the guests, mostly Kings and Queens, and among
with his tea spoon at the March Hare,) '--it was at the great concert
with one eye; 'I seem to see some meaning in them, after all. "--SAID
with sobs, to sing this:--
with such a neck as that! No, no! You're a serpent; and there's no use
with such a puzzled expression that she could not help bursting out
with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how she would feel with
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
with the words 'DRINK ME,' but nevertheless she uncorked it and put it
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org
without a cat! It's the most curious thing I ever saw in my life!'
without attending to her, 'if we had the door between us. For instance,
without even waiting to put his shoes on.
witness.' And he added in an undertone to the Queen, 'Really, my dear,
won't talk about cats or dogs either, if you don't like them!' When the
won't, then!--Bill's to go down--Here, Bill! the master says you're to
wonder what they WILL do next! If they had any sense, they'd take the
wonderful Adventures, till she too began dreaming after a fashion, and
wondering if anything would EVER happen in a natural way again.
wondering very much what would happen next.
wood for fear of their hearing her; and when she next peeped out the
wood--(she considered him to be a footman because he was in livery:
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
words all coming different, and then the Mock Turtle drew a long breath,
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
works.
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.
worse. You MUST have meant some mischief, or else you'd have signed your
would be of very little use without my shoulders. Oh, how I wish I could
would be offended again.
would change to dull reality--the grass would be only rustling in the
would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
wrong, and she went on in a trembling voice:--
wrote down all three dates on their slates, and then added them up, and
year it is?'
yesterday you deserved to be beheaded!'
yet--it's rather curious, you know, this sort of life! I do wonder what
yet.'
you ARE a simpleton.'
you can find it.' And she squeezed herself up closer to Alice's side as
you executed on the spot.'
you how the Dodo managed it.)
you know!'
you know, and he says it's so useful, it's worth a hundred pounds! He
you know--'
you know.'
you liked with the clock. For instance, suppose it were nine o'clock in
you might like to try the thing yourself, some winter day, I will tell
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
you ought to tell me who YOU are, first.'
you seen the Mock Turtle yet?'
you speak?'
you throw them, and it'll sit up and beg for its dinner, and all sorts
you'd better ask HER about it.'
you're changed, do you?'
you, and must know better'; and this Alice would not allow without
you,' (she might well say this), 'to go on crying in this way! Stop this
your Majesty?' he asked.
your cat grins like that?'
your equipment.
your pocket?' he went on, turning to Alice.
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
yours."'
yourself!'
yourself.'
yourself.'

